Achieved phenomenal growth with number of visitors on website in a short duration
Established key marketing metrics to effectively measure the efforts of content published on website
Exceeded original target of X number of visitors by Y% increasing quality and quantity of content on website
Effectively measured the impact of X on branding of company
Introduced innovative tactics for sales promotion resulting in X% reduction in advertising cost
Is highly responsible and makes sure completes (list of tasks)
X has a go-getter attitude making him/her highly valuable for the entire team
Increased number of MQLs per week by X% during (period)
Always takes care to improve core Marketing competencies by leveraging HubSpot  Simplilearn  etc
Is able to conjure imaginative solutions to challenges faced by team
Is able to empathize with customers/prospects and understand their grievances before taking any drastic step
Level headed thinking helps ‘X’ take faster and better decisions
Is highly dependable and delivers close to 100% on every responsibility that he/she undertakes
Rarely waits for others to tell him/her what needs to be done to achieve end results
X is always able to connect the dots and see the bigger picture before undertaking any initiative
Able to deal with stressful situations and handle each task as decided
Has developed a team-oriented approach among all the employees
Highly capable at identifying and rewarding exemplary performance by teammates/subordinates
X conducts careful research and is well prepared before meetings
Despite facing backlash for decrease in MQLs provided in (period)  continued efforts to improve website with higher intensity
Maintains effective communication with clients/customers/teammates when they face technical problems
X has his/her sights on a clear vision and takes steps accordingly to reach there
Always one step ahead of the game when it comes to technical expertise
Lacks understanding of buyer persona which leads to incorrect messaging for target audience
Falls behind schedule to achieve targets of providing quality leads to Sales
Takes decisions without analyzing historical data which leads to poor campaign management
Lacks patience  abandons initiatives midway when results do not show (such as weekly newsletter)
Reluctance to upskill and gain marketing expertise has led to performance stagnation
Lack of commitment often results in (list of tasks) being revised multiple number of times
Needs to improve analytical skills to make sense of data being collected from multiple sources (Analytics  Email campaign  etc.)
Great presentation skills but usually presents incorrect information due to lack of (list of products/services) understanding  due to which clients get confused
Tends to stray away from actual point of conversation during (meetings/presentations/demos)
Is unable to overcome client objections  that led to 30% drop in sales
Lacks commitment to ensure new initiatives are completed within time
Assumes that teammates/subordinates have required skills to fulfill certain responsibilities without checking with them
Poor knowledge of web analytics tools such as Google Analytics  Netinsight  WebTrends.
Has been known to engage in unethical behavior with vendors to increase profits
Takes a lot of time to develop relationships with prospects  leading to lower conversion rate of prospects to customers
Relies more on manual work than technological advancement to document information being collected
Openly criticizes others for not following traditional marketing tactics
Lacks preparation before presentations leading to poor demonstrations with customers / prospects
Organization is done more according to personal choices rather than any effective procedure
Planning marketing goals at the last minute leads to inaccurate or faulty planning and unrealistic expectations from team
Goal setting skills are non-existent so rarely any chance of reaching end results
Is not willing to help others set their goals and align them with overall objectives
Provides poorly researched and often incomplete content on due date just to obtain points for timeliness
Does not follow company protocol when it comes to adhering to marketing standards set by management
Is constantly coming up with innovative approaches to reduce time required for completion of (list of tasks)
Consistently learns new skills and uses them to improve performance and provide suggestions for betterment of (list of tasks)
Champion problem solver. Can be relied on when projects have a hard deadline
Goes the extra mile to ensure technical issues are resolved within time
Manages all technical challenges systematically and notes down guidelines for future scenarios
Takes utmost care to meet cost standards by preparing cost-benefit analyses  tracking and reporting expenses
Never displays negative attitude despite being overwhelmed at times
Surpassed engineering and organization mission by achieving X% over Y during (period)
Helps network support staff to identify and take care of network bugs  and design network expansions
Demonstrated ability to proactively offer technical support to the executive staff for internal network functions and any Internet-enabled applications
In case of disputes among teammates  provides rational inputs effectively without favoring any one side
X’s decision making skill is unparalleled in the entire department
Can always be relied upon to protect operations by keeping information confidential.
X is a goal oriented person and always tries to find creative ways to meet goals
X has an imaginative mind and comes up with innovation solutions whenever necessary
Is able to quickly develop plan for identifying and isolating hardware defects
Never disappoints and meets the needs of the organization by designing support peripherals whenever required
Supports teammates/subordinates when they need to take calculated risks
Has leveraged many groups to create a strong network of like-minded individuals
Keeps himself/herself focused on achieving the end goals despite few deviations
Keeps managers/employees updated by developing documentation  flowcharts  layouts  diagrams  charts  code comments and clear code.
Aligns personal and professional goals efficiently and strives to achieve both
Demonstrates exemplary technical knowledge and expertise as compared to peers
Lacks latest/new technical knowledge and is unable to contribute during brainstorming
Unable to translate theoretical knowledge into practical applications
Not able to comprehend directions leading to mismatch between expectations and result
Lacks knowledge about state-of-the-art development tools  programming techniques  and computing equipment to take on challenging projects
Provides temporary solutions that have created long term problems
Needs to improve observation skills and pay more attention to finer details of the task
Low understanding of (list of tasks) due to poor analytical skills
Has difficulty articulating content due to poor understanding of (list of products/services)
Communication is good but needs to approach (recipients) tactfully without offending anyone
Lacks confidence to speak in large groups or anyone with higher authority
Does not follow up on tasks according to project schedule
Cannot keep to his/her words when the situation demands it
Delegates entire workload in one go and expects teammates/subordinates to finish it within unrealistic timelines
Has faced several disciplinary hearings with the HR department
Finds it difficult to work closely with network support staff to identify and take care of network bugs
Does not know how and what to communicate to team members leading to ambiguous instructions
Is unable to understand changing technology and instructions
Is not open minded when it comes to listening to constructive criticism
Always looks to negotiate on own terms leading to win-loss situation
Spends considerable amount of time retrieving simple information that should ideally take only a few minutes
Anticipate needs for replacement of hardware but fails to submit orders
Resists asking for advice when faced with challenges  thus wasting precious amount of time
Is reluctant to work in a team and seeks independent assignments
Uses fake information to prove own point
Exceeded expectations by X% of target during (period)
Has ability to quickly identify and grasp prospects’ pain-points and providing them with the right solutions
Consistently meets sales targets and sets higher goals for himself/herself
Thorough reporting in CRM helps team members quickly identify status of sales funnel
Is most sought after sales person to handle difficult clients
Owns all responsibilities that come his/her way and ensures on-time delivery
X’s attitude has endeared him/her to the entire team and made him/her a highly sought after teammate
Challenged traditional manner of working and introduced new approach to (list of tasks) thus efficiently reducing time taken to complete them
Shows initiative in understanding new skills and techniques
Created a list of must-do tasks while negotiating with customers to increase performance levels by X%
Is able to take quick decisions about discount rates or special pricing plans to close sales
Takes decisions based entirely on objective observations and avoids any biases
Maintains high energy and performance levels making them a consistent achiever
Is never complacent with performance and seeks to improve his/her performance levels
X is the go-to person to have a fresh look at a long standing challenge in the workplace
Highly flexible when it comes to meeting goals and objectives
Encourages everyone to develop a winning attitude
Collaborates with teammates/subordinates to project sales and determine the profitability of products and services
Is always well dressed and presentable to make a good first impression
Carefully monitors customer preferences to determine the focus of sales efforts
Can effectively handle most objections and provide sustainable solutions
Has clearly established checkpoints for short term and long term career path
Can quickly adapt to newer technologies as well as help others understand them
Lacks confidence to plan and coordinate training programs for sales staff
Very liberal with discounting during negotiations  leading to lower margins
Shows no willingness to improve negotiation/presentation skills
Has failed to meet sales targets on numerous occasions thereby decreasing allotted quota of entire team
Highly argumentative. Prospects have left negotiations midway due to poor attitude
Is not efficient at assigning sales territories and setting sales quotas for himself/herself and team members
Avoids tasks that require analyzing sales statistics
Needs to understand (list of products/services) before undertaking any activity
Communication is good but needs to approach (recipients) tactfully without offending anyone
Frequently presents unrealistic sales forecasts  revenue and expenses report to management
Offered assistance for project ‘Y’ but backed off when the time came to help
Doesn’t trust teammates/subordinates enough to delegate important responsibilities to them
Fails to identify emerging markets or market shifts and loses out on valuable opportunity
Does not consider integrity to be as important as it actually should
Lacks patience to deal with stressful negotiations  often ending up arguing with customers/prospects
Rarely takes it upon himself/herself to design and implement a strategic business plan that expands company’s customer base
Has difficulty comprehending what the other person is trying to say
Is not able to put forth own opinions in an assertive manner and often comes across as aggressive
Abysmal organization skills have led to loss of information on three separate occasions
Does not monitor progress of sales for prolonged periods of time
Does not deliver on outcomes as promised in the first stage
Lacks business acumen to drive sales from plan to close stage
Takes credits for efforts taken by others
Able to efficiently handle X% more customer request volume as compared to standard expectations
Consistently X% more average number of replies per request in a day
Quickest resolution rate enable X to handle more volumes as compared to teammates
Regularly rated >7 out of 10 in customer support feedback
Assists teammates when they are loaded with higher volumes without compromising on own targets
Is genuinely interested in identifying and implementing strategies to improve quality of service  productivity and profitability
Always up for identifying and addressing staff training and coaching needs
Reduced errors in handling customer grievances by implementing efficient checklist for all team members
Never fails to monitor accuracy of reporting and database information
Regularly experiments on existing processes using relevant technology trends and applications to improve productivity
Highly approachable by employees from every level of the organization
X’s sound decisions have helped teammates avoid problems that could affect their productivity
Puts in extra hours to ensure the necessary resources and tools are available for quality customer service delivery
Always willing to liaise with company management to support and implement growth strategies
Constantly searches for new ideas and ways to improve efficiency and shorten the time duration required to complete tasks
Helps others to co-ordinate and manage customer service projects and initiatives
Ensures every team member efficiently tracks customer complaint resolution
Ensures each employee as well as himself/herself is held accountable for their responsibilities
Highly professional when dealing with clients  irrespective of their designations
Does not give up upon failure but instead looks for other ways to achieve success
Often called upon by teammates for advice about potential obstacles
Shows great willingness to ensure his/her goals are achieved successfully
Shows willingness to improve technical expertise on a consistent basis
Poor support has led to being rated < 3 out of 10 on more than 5 occasions in 1 month
Does not understand the problem that customer is trying to present
Not patient while dealing with customers as evidenced by analysis of recorded calls
Less than average capacity (Actual – 8 ; minimum target – 12) of handling customer support requests
Takes 20% more amount of time to handle simple queries
Only 25% instances per month of providing error-free work
Incorrect data analysis has led to poor decision making in 3 out of 5 instances
Does not take efforts to develop conceptual clarity about (list of products/services)
Needs to significantly improve communication skills
8 customers complained about X’s attitude and unwillingness to listen
Always up for a new challenge  but abandons it midway when the going gets tough
Overwhelmed due to large number of responsibilities but cannot delegate when required
Comes in late to meetings and disturbs others when they are in the midst of important work
Lack of integrity noticed on 3 separate incidents in one month
Has a dominating personality and not open to listening to customer’s views and opinions
Has difficulty accepting limitations of own performance and skills during performance assessments
Poor body language dissuades others from maintaining a conversation
Interrupts others consistently leading to problems in negotiations
Lack of organizational skills have led to loss of important information
Finds it difficult to maintain productivity levels and deviates at the first opportunity
Repeats same mistakes over and over leading to delay in completion of tasks
Does not listen to teammates opinions and talks over them
Has been rated poorly by teammates and is considered untrustworthy and unreliable in the organization
Displays a genuine interest in understanding employee grievances
Provides fair guidance to all those who approach him/her
Has created an efficient and systematic database to extract information at a moment’s notice
X has introduced (list of initiatives) that have led to X% increase in employee engagement levels
X reinvented HR policies that have led to X% decrease in attrition levels
Goes the extra mile whenever necessary to improve employee engagement levels
Has a positive disposition yet makes it clear when he/she is overburdened with responsibilities
Consistently performs at optimum levels and ensures individual queries (tax  leaves  compensations  etc) are resolved
Highly proactive at providing feedback to employees whenever needed
Never hesitates to look for alternative approaches to problems
Has reduced turnover by 20% after introducing employee-friendly policies
Capable of reviewing employee performance based on analytics as opposed to subjective decisions
Introduced new team building exercises to increase collaboration by 10% in the organization
Needs minimal supervision and yet achieves complete payroll compliance with greater accuracy
Is known to challenge the ‘we have done it this way’ phrase and come up with better solutions
Is calm and composed irrespective when dealing with complaints irrespective of the designation/level of the accused
Has provided training and development to a team of mediocre performers to achieve 15% better results within 3 months
Provides necessary guidance and help in case of personal emergencies
Carefully balances listening and speaking time to ensure both parties are thoroughly familiar with each other
Welcomes changes rather than oppose them and introduces them in the workplace
Keeps a level head when representing company as its spokesperson
Always sets challenging goals for himself/herself and strives to achieve them
Is able to comprehend how to follow a complex set of instructions even in stressful situations
Large number of employees have complained about X’s unfair and biased practices
“All complaints have fallen on deaf ears” is the most common feedback received through anonymous feedback
Lack of coordination between team members has led to candidates leaving recruitment procedures
Unorganized employee information makes it difficult to obtain information in a timely manner
High amount of resources have been wasted behind unsuccessful employee engagement initiatives (list of activities)
Often misses out on minor errors which appear due to lack of revisions
Faces difficulty in correctly analyzing data when presented with a large amount
Lack of understanding about (list of products/services) prevents X from establishing a rapport with prospects
Finds it difficult to convey message effectively
Lacks the ability to understand employee needs and takes 60% more time on average
Displays a genuine interest  but lacks commitment to fulfill the responsibility
Hoards responsibilities close to his/her own chest and does not delegate work among others
Does not conduct himself/herself in a disciplinary manner while preaching others
Lacks good interpersonal skills and behaves irrationally most of the times
Favors quicker results over integrity
Takes a long amount of time to inculcate innovating engagement practices in the workplace
Focuses more on speaking rather than listening during employee performance reviews
Unwillingness to compromise during salary negotiations has led to good candidates leaving the process
Focuses more on organizing everything rather than actually getting the job done
Sets unrealistic expectations leading to over-commitment and under-delivery
Has little patience to deal with obstacles
Argues aggressively when teammates do not listen to what he/she has to say
Hardly pays attention to any rules and regulations in the workplace
Regularly upgrades knowledge as per changing rules and regulations of the Government
Highest number of instances where accurate financial reports were generated within specific deadlines
X is a high performer and actively contributes to formulating strategic and long-term business plans
Pays attention to smallest of details while liaising with auditors to ensure annual monitoring is carried out efficiently
Always the first one to keep abreast of changes in financial regulations and legislation
Has a strong acumen for producing accurate financial reports
Has improved the quality of decision making by carefully analyzing and presenting (list of tasks) information
X is perceived as the go-to person when conducting reviews and evaluations for cost-reduction opportunities
Capable at analyzing market trends and competitors and explaining them quickly to even a layman
Handles all customer queries even after sales to provide a rich customer experience
Ensures all financial information is collected  interpreted and reviewed during the specified time limit
Is proficient at delegating the right task to the right individual at the right time and getting expected results
Brings in a sense of discipline and sets high standards for other teammates/subordinates
Leads by example when it comes to being up to date with technological advances and accounting software to be used for financial purposes
When faced with a conflict  disagrees respectfully and presents facts in a logical manner
Acknowledges limitations and takes efforts to overcome them at the earliest
Encourages others to speak without interrupting them continuously
Overcomes objections effectively leading to successful negotiation of deals
Helps teammates/subordinates get organized and simplify their work  removing all clutter
Helps others in planning their activities
Takes help whenever necessary to ensure work is completed on time
Quick to track the company’s financial status and performance to identify areas for potential improvement
Gives credit to teammates whenever appropriate
Has a difficult time processing and analyzing financial information
Does not seek help when needed which leads to delays and inaccurate processing of information
Takes on more than capacity and avoids delegating work to get it done quickly
Focus more on menial tasks rather than producing financial reports related to budgets  account payables & receivables  etc.
Has not learnt any new financial models that can help him/her increase their contribution
Needs to be more thorough while analyzing market trends and competitors
Tends to buckle under pressure when faced with numerous complex transactions
Has had difficulty presenting financial reports to board members  stakeholders  executives  and clients in formal meetings on more than one occasion
Needs to update knowledge about upcoming technological advancements in finance and accounting software
Does not display the willingness to ‘think-out-of-the-box’
Inability to provide insightful information has led to senior executives take longer amount of time to form long term plans
Lacks basic decision making skills and relies on others to take decisions on his/her behalf
Makes extravagant claims but fails to back up with research and statistics
Always needs to be supervised while reviewing  monitoring and managing budgets
Lacks the ingenuity to change directions when the team requires it most
Has managed to ruffle quite a few feathers while trying to get work done by others
Focuses more on the end result than on fostering teamwork
Holds too many meetings (of longer duration) that end up reducing productivity of employees
Poor interpretation of market trends has led to increase in financial risks
Does not set goals or objectives that could help him/her increase own contribution
Easily overwhelmed when faced with multiple problems at the same time
Sets personal goals that are in direct contradiction to professional goals
Drastically behind teammates with respect to technical expertise
Responsibly coordinates activities that affect operations decisions and business requirements
Highly efficient at planning  scheduling and reviewing workload and manpower availability
Provides guidance to employees when the situation demands it
Systematic approach of planning  scheduling  and reviewing workload and manpower enables team to maintain productivity
Increases workplace morale and productivity through effective facilitation of activities
Reduced errors in (list of tasks) as a result of thorough analysis of historical information
Excels at analyzing data retrieved from (lists of tasks) and providing actionable solutions
Expert at delivering presentations about (list of products/services) due to conceptual clarity
Communicates the (message/company policies) clearly without offending anyone
Always achieves more than 7/10 NPS
If ‘X’ commits to any activity  he/she makes sure that activity is taken to its desired end
Sets up a timeline after discussing with team and follows up at specific checkpoints
Maintains high self-discipline and does not rely on policies to conduct himself/herself
Has never been known to proactively communicate any changes in the order or delivery date to relevant parties
Has a good sense of humor and makes sure the work environment is positive
Embraces change and adapts to newer skills quickly to ensure smooth work
Correct body language and gestures help the other person relax and speak what they have in mind
Is able to decide when he/she should walk away from a negotiation during purchase of materials and services required for production
Organized projects and tasks in order of their importance and ensures that work is completed on priority
Involves teammates/subordinates in the planning process  thereby increasing trust in the team
Leverages the right tools and technologies to ensure the end result is of the highest quality
Has established a good rapport with all team members and can bring them together to work in collaboration
Contributes towards improvement of work policies and removing orthodox ones
Cannot comprehend impact of poor planning and scheduling of resources on a larger scale
Repeatedly failed to carefully organize and allocate manpower leading to lower productivity
Is rigid and sticks to traditional systems of data collection rather than experiment with new ones
Needs to work on planning and organizing skills before undertaking (list of tasks)
Tends to blame others when health and safety regulations are not followed effectively
Is unable to complete set of activities owned by him/her such as consistently monitoring of production schedules
Is highly comfortable with existing set of responsibilities and does not want to get out of comfort zone
Intent to provide perfect solutions often ends up delaying (list of tasks) significantly  affecting overall team productivity
Does not help others develop their skills or provide guidance to employees
Has a strong analytical mind but lacks creativity while resolving problems and complaints
Employee turnover has increased by 35% due to poor allocation of resources
Relies more on ‘gut feeling’ rather than objective approach required for forecasting and budgeting of resources
Promises deadlines will be met but always delivers later that deadline
Continues to neglect newer opportunities for improving customer experience
Performs activities in the same monotonous manner despite being given the freedom to innovate
Is not flexible enough to handle any change in situations
Finds it difficult to take decisions in stressful situations such as coordinating activities that affect operational decisions
Focuses more on self-development rather than teammates/subordinates
Fails to follow up with important contacts established during networking events
X is not confident about own abilities and shies away from taking up any challenge
Finds it difficult to analyze any problem objectively
Too ambitious goals and no plan on how to achieve these goals
Does not understand how to follow a set of instructions
Never loses sight of time constraints and delivers designs as planned
Always displays can-do attitude when faced with any challenging assignment
Avoids traditional approaches and seeks innovative solutions to prepare product design specification and integration documents
Can better visualize the end result  making it easy for him/her to create prototypes of design
Consistently improves skills to ensure designs are not only functional but also easy to use
Nothing escapes X’s watchful eye as he/she pays great attention to detail while designing and building products
Has the potential to spot hidden patterns that are missed by average individuals
Has displayed strong understanding of benefits of all the features of (list of products/services) which enable X to address pain points of end customers
Excels at leading a discussion towards the desired outcome for an effective product design
Tactfully answers all objections raised by team about design specifications
Displays willingness to embrace accountability and make new mistakes to grow consistently
Encourages others to utilize his/her own ways and create innovative designs  in order to build trust
Regularly helps others understand policies and how to maintain it
Determines the most effective ways to follow agile methodologies and ensures others follow them too
Has a handle on emotions when dealing with stressful situations and tight deadlines
Quickly understands how to navigate through complex design architecture and achieve the end result
Does not offer judgment but rather a constructive criticism for improving drawbacks in existing specifications
Always asks questions to ensure everyone involved is on the same page
Brought order to a chaotic team/department by introducing agile methodology and implementing it successfully
Is always prepared for any contingencies with a backup plan
Takes responsibility to overcome challenges and makes sure his/her word is fulfilled
Participates actively in all team discussions and contributes ideas assertively
Pays attention to work policies and follows them diligently
Struggles to meet basic design standards set by manager/team
Failure to comprehend instructions leads to mismatch of expected design and final outcome
Hesitates to learn new design tools and software that could be essential to improve performance
Poor quality of work leads to increased workload for other teammates
Never able to deliver on-time leading to dissatisfied clients
Bites off more than he/she can chew which leads to delay in completion of (list of tasks)
Often blames others when specifications of a product are not met
Reduced productivity by Y% due to lack of commitment towards (list of tasks)
Has difficulty in analyzing what are his/her missing skills
Always focusing on being practical  where sometimes creativity is also required
Is often biased towards one tool and neglects using advanced techniques that could reduce time required for task completion
Focus on short term implications when taking decisions  while ignoring long term impact
Handles projects extraordinarily at the start but loses enthusiasm midway leading to shoddy work at the end
Stays in comfort zone more than necessary
Has rarely shown any artistic flair in his/her entire tenure
Has failed to adapt to changing environments and upcoming technologies
Has a more autocratic approach towards getting work done by teammates
Preaches about bring innovation in design but does not lead by example
Does not maintain records of versions changed from the product design’s start to its most recent stage
Avoids taking tasks that require long term commitment
Takes a long amount of time to provide any solution by which time the problem reaches its critical stage
Focused solely on self-improvement and often neglects helping teammates
Cannot adapt to newer technologies which make him/her take long amount of time to complete basis activities
Has a flair for coming up with ground breaking ideas for (list of products/services)
Thinks of the problem before trying to coming up with random solution
Has thorough understanding of the target market’s needs
Leverages advanced technology to ensure best (list of products/services) are developed
Coordinates with everyone and gets multiple ideas before finalizing one
Is highly efficient at assessing the benefits and monitoring the costs and effectiveness of research and development activities
Ability to comprehend and interpret large amount of data with minimum supervision
Deep knowledge about (list of products/services) enables X to provide guidance on research and development options available to the organisation
Ability to direct any deviation from original idea back on track
Thorough understanding of customer needs helps in determining and recommending product usage information
Follows through on all commitments irrespective of the challenges involved
Delegates tasks to the lowest level of the organization without any biases
Has suggested valuable points for preparing yield computation including product costings
Has helped increase compliance with safety and maintenance regulations by providing guidelines for maintaining equipment and lab infrastructure in optimal working conditions
X is respectful of others opinions yet assertively expresses the right solutions whenever required
Is able to quickly grasp the finer nuances of complicated activities by drawing upon basic scientific knowledge
Has been proven to be a great listener when engaged in conversations
Makes sure everything is clarified in case of ambiguous terms and conditions
Adopts a systematic and methodical approach towards all work
X establishes a clear set of guidelines to ensure the task is efficiently completed well within time
Brainstorms multiple solutions with teammates/subordinates until an efficient solution is developed
Encourages team members to come up with creative ideas and experiments with them as well
Is known throughout the company for preparing competitive monitoring report and providing necessary recommendations
Lack of coordination among other team members has led to redundant work
Does not utilize modern technologies or equipment to improve performance of (list of products/services)
Incorrect research methods have led to poor data collection
Does not look to innovate unless specifically asked
Hoards information that can be useful to others as well. fearing competition
Needs repeated reminders to make sure technical reports/ presentations for various R&D activities to R&D Manager are ready
Refrains from seeking complex problems due to fear of failure
Lacks basic scientific knowledge to grow in the current position
Sabotages teammates work when they display higher level of skills
Tends to approach peers/managers for support rather than coming up with unique solutions
Lack of willingness to follow standard communication and training materials and relies more on instinct
Takes decisions that favor him/her work but not necessarily the entire team
Expects perfectionism from teammates/subordinates but not from himself/herself
Thinks inside a box and avoids coming up with innovative approaches
When faced with a problem  tends to give in and succumb to the pressure rather than innovate
Easily gets distracted if there is a minor deviation
Puts down others if they are not able to perform  instead of motivating them
Is not able to manage teams effectively
Spends excessive amount of time providing simple product labeling information leading to wastage of time
Loses will or motivation to work after failing at any task
Often relies on others expertise rather than solve problems on his/her own
Does not accept responsibility for compiling  validating  organizing  and updating data for existing analytical modeling tools and systems
Delivers poor results due to lack of awareness of new technology/tools
Is highly meticulous when it comes to assessing needs and tracking inventory
Keeps a thorough and updated record of all items purchased using advanced tracking systems
Efficiently coordinates with all other departments/functions to determine and fulfill their needs
Excellent negotiation tactics ensure that company gets the best deals possible
Efficient planning helps ensure all requirements are made available within time
Follows a self-made checklist to ensure nothing is missed out
X’s has strong analytical skills that help him/her study complex data retrieved from (list of tasks)
Has thorough knowledge of market rates of (list of products/services)
Highly efficient at communication with peers  suppliers and vendors
Demonstrated ability to calmly deal with angry/frustrated/rude vendors and address their queries successfully
Highly engaged in all activities that he/she undertakes
Is great at articulating the desired outcome  making it easier for subordinates to achieve those results
Maintains records of goods ordered and received that can quickly retrieved as and when required
Always exhibits exemplary skills while controlling purchasing department budgets
Completely aware of what needs to be said in what situations
Makes it priority to Review purchase order claims and contracts for conformance before progressing further
Patiently analyzes market and delivery systems in order to assess present and future material availability.
Ensure he/she is in charge of negotiation and leads to win win situation for both parties
Displays excellent organization skills during all tasks he/she undertakes
Is highly skilled at planning for short term as well as long term goals
Sets goals  checks in progress regularly to ensure he/she is on track and achieves end results effectively
Is always respectful towards teammates ideas and opinions
Clearly communicates what is expected of others and the standard measurement of achievement
Late processing of purchases often impacts schedule of project deliverables
Lacks the tenacity to get the best deals possible from vendors
Biased towards vendors who are new in the market
In case of errors  does not take ownership
Fails to coordinate with other departments to assess their needs of (lists of products)
Is not fully committed to the tasks so finds it difficult to bring activities to fruition
Negative talk tends to lower entire team’s morale
Lacks engagement to drive (list of tasks) to the desired outcome
Does not display on open mind when given constructive feedback
Does not contribute new/innovative ideas while brainstorming with team
Unable to take stern action when the situation demands it
Takes prolonged amount of time to take smaller decisions leading to delay in number of subsequent activities
Needs to work extra hours because he/she is distracted during normal hour
Speaks of improving himself/herself but backs out when the time comes to take on a new role
Relies on tried and tested methods more often than required
Does not help others despite them asking for help
Should focus more on creating a sensible plan than other lesser important initiatives
Fails to provide support when it is absolutely vital
Forces himself/herself between conversations without considering other two parties
Sets targets without any purpose so loses focus after a short period of time
Fails to provide correct estimation of how much time resolution of problem will take
Sets multiple goals at the same time and fails to achieve even one
Finds it difficult to learn new technologies
understands clearly that to complete the projects is a team effort. They are always willing to help others when needed.
connects their staff members together well to create a team first environment.
promotes a team-centered environment.
is a proven team player.
is an asset who can effectively work with other teams and departments.
does what it takes to get the job done. They also takes on additional tasks.
ensures coworkers coordinate to meet deadlines and work effectively as a team.
encourages people to work together towards a common goal.
gives of themself to make sure the job is well done.
offers assistance willingly.
makes a positive contribution to morale.
accepts constructive criticism positively.
shows sensitivity and consideration to other people’s feelings.
creates a positive and inclusive work environment.
is a strong team player; who is humble and says that projects are the achievement of the whole team.
builds solidarity between their team members to enhance team spirit.
one of is the top staff members who cooperates well with other teams and divisions.
always tries their best to finish their tasks, even these duties do not belong to him.
unites individuals together in order to meet deadlines and efficiently perform their duties.
can be counted on to carry out assignments with careful follow-through and follow-up.
helps form alliances between their staff members and foster a team-first environment.
excels at any project they are involved due to their ability to form effective teams.
can bring disparate groups together even in the most difficult situations.
will do whatever is necessary to get the job done, even taking on extra tasks that are not their own.is the group leader and allocates appropriate tasks to their teammates.
has created a team that works collaboratively to finish the project much faster.
helps coworkers with their tasks even if they are outside their direct responsibility.
always assists coworkers that are having difficulty with their tasks.
takes care that every team member’s allocated task is the best one for them.
has a wide skill set and although they have some weaknesses, they always seeks help from appropriate colleagues when needed.
has built the multiple working relationships needed to get the job done.
has good relationships with all of their peers. They all assist each other when needed.
helps other employees even when not required to.
The team they have created is a good example for others to follow.
promotes cooperation throughout the organization very well.
tackles all tasks they are assigned enthusiastically and also takes on additional tasks.
promotes cooperation well to ensure staff work as a team to meet deadlines.
encourages people to work together to achieve a common goal.
puts getting the job done ahead of their own interests.
works well with coworkers, staff, managers, and members of other teams.
understands clearly that to complete the projects is a team effort. They are always willing to help others when needed.
connects their staff members together well to create a team first environment.
promotes a team-centered environment.
is a proven team player.
is an asset who can effectively work with other teams and departments.
does what it takes to get the job done. They also takes on additional tasks.
ensures coworkers coordinate to meet deadlines and work effectively as a team.
encourages people to work together towards a common goal.
gives of themself to make sure the job is well done.
offers assistance willingly.
makes a positive contribution to morale.
accepts constructive criticism positively.
shows sensitivity and consideration to other people’s feelings.
creates a positive and inclusive work environment.
is a strong team player; who is humble and says that projects are the achievement of the whole team.
builds solidarity between their team members to enhance team spirit.
one of is the top staff members who cooperates well with other teams and divisions.
always tries their best to finish their tasks, even these duties do not belong to him.
unites individuals together in order to meet deadlines and efficiently perform their duties.
can be counted on to carry out assignments with careful follow-through and follow-up.
helps form alliances between their staff members and foster a team-first environment.
excels at any project they are involved due to their ability to form effective teams.
can bring disparate groups together even in the most difficult situations.
will do whatever is necessary to get the job done, even taking on extra tasks that are not their own.
is not a willing team player and prefers to work individually.
is unwilling to assist coworkers, even when asked.
is professional in their work but is unwilling to give advice to others.
was unwilling to give help when requested to.
does not have the necessary skills to complete the work and is unwilling to find someone who does.
has not joined the group even after being required to.
doesn’t communicate with other employees nor help when asked.
was unwilling to listen to or take on board the wealth of advice given to him.
Despite being a team member, they doesn’t complete their allocated tasks.
Despite numerous invitations to join the team, they prefers to work alone.
does not permit their staff to assist other departments.
does not assist others when they need it.
does not see the workplace as a team environment and prefers to go it alone.
does not provide a team-centered support environment.
cannot commit their team towards the organization’s goals.
shows themself to be a person who does not want to work with others.
does not share key information with colleagues because they fears they will be marginalized.
is known to be hot-tempered with their colleagues.
is the person least likely to offer assistance when needed.
demonstrates a desire to avoid working with others.
is very good when performing individual tasks but is weaker when required to work in a team or with coworkers.
easily takes on new tasks well but fails to communicate with and train others who may also be required to take them on.
consistently fails to be an effective team player. They need to improve on their teamwork over the coming months.
is cautious and afraid of confrontation which leads to them being averse to taking risks.
is easily upset when not offered assistance when they feels they need it. They does not help others.
is too focused on finding new ways to accomplish things rather than cooperating with others in a process which is already well tested and defined.
tends to complain about a lack of resources and personnel instead of making do with what they has
tends to be distant and unapproachable. Their colleagues hesitate to ask them for assistance due to their standoffishness.
needs to be aware of when they should offer assistance to others at work.
displays an uncooperative attitude.
is unwilling to share their work or team responsibilities with others.
is unwilling to foster good relationships with other teams and is not open-minded.
communication is poor meaning their team meetings are rarely effective.
Since being promoted to supervisor, they have been “too busy” to assist their employees when they need an extra set of hands to help. This unwillingness to offer assistance promotes a selfish work environment.
is cautious and prefers to avoid confrontation. They are unlikely to openly risk conflict this by helping someone.
works until the job is complete. They are very result orientated.
is self-motivated and strives to complete all their tasks on time.
is a big-picture thinker. They continually seeks to expand the horizons of the company.
has a thirst for skills and knowledge. They always challenges themself to perform tasks to the best possible standard.
strives to find new challenges that will expand their experience.
aligns their goals with those of the company.
does not need much direction from above. They has a strong work ethic.
always anticipates problems and thinks of creative solutions in advance.
is willing and often does stay late until their goals are met.
is a perfectionist. They does not stop until they have produced excellent results.
shows significant interest in the project and they constantly generates new ideas.
dresses in a professional manner.
is always honest and reliable when working with others.
frequently motivates others in the team.
has a high level of professional knowledge of their job.
complies with the company regulations strictly.
presents themself well.
exceeds the expectations of the company.
remains calm and composed under high levels of pressure.
has a welcoming and friendly character.
stringently observes the company regulations.
maintains a polite demeanor and appearance.
fully satisfies the company’s expectations.
has the ability to remain calm under pressure.
conduct is warm and friendly.
is often late for work and is unable to provide an acceptable excuse.
fails to perform their required duties.
takes excessive breaks and is reluctant to perform their duties.
often attempts to leave the workplace early.
talks excessively and this distracts themself and their colleagues. Their lack of focus means that tasks take longer than they should.
is unwilling to work any overtime at all beyond their contracted 40-hour working week.
seizes any opportunity to avoid work and procrastinate. Their breaks are twice as long as they should be.
fails to show any real interest in their job.
fails to ensure their work complies with the relevant quality standards.
violates the company’s internal code of ethics.
rarely complies with the applicable hygiene standards.
attitude is too informal.
fails to make any attempt to improve their performance,
is frequently late for work and dresses improperly.
is reluctant to take responsibility for self-development.
is unable to separate their work and personal life.
is dishonest when reporting statistics to deceive and confuse others.
is unable to develop performance improvement strategies.
is rarely on time and their appearance is untidy.
is reluctant to take responsibility for self-development.
maintains a positive outlook and this is appreciated when making decisions in difficult situations.
most special quality is their positive attitude.
positive attitude and willingness to share their positive thoughts on any situation is highly appreciated.
actively encourages their coworkers. They creates an environment that empowers mutual trust.
attitude is always appropriate. They has a positive demeanor.
thrives under pressure and brings the team together.
has a likeable and humorous character that creates a positive atmosphere.
always accentuates the positives in any situation.
has a positive attitude that clearly demonstrates their enjoyment of what they does.
arrives promptly every day.
effective leadership allows their team’s time management and attendance to be among the best in the company.
team meets many challenges in scheduling yet they ensures adequate staffing levels at all times.
performance is always reliable and they follows their work schedule well.
schedule shows no issues and their good attendance is within the standard policy.
ensures that their staff comply with their scheduled breaks and lunchtimes.
attendance and punctuality is within company guidelines.
begins each day fully refreshed and prepared for any challenges.
has paid good attention to timekeeping this year and is consistently punctual.
ensures that meetings open and end on time.
plans their time off well in advance.
is punctual and consistently arrives at meetings on time.
arrives at meetings on time and well prepared.
attained perfect attendance over the time period.
adheres to company policy when scheduling time off.
completes work according to promised deadlines.
manages their schedule well. They fully completes all tasks assigned to them for the week.
strictly ensures their staff maintain proper timekeeping. They manages their staff well to ensure they perform their duties on schedule.
schedule shows no cause for concern. They are rarely absent and follows company policy.
is reliable and has good attendance.
has good attendance and is reliable.
arrives at work punctually and ready to begin and returns from breaks on time.
sets a standard by their perfect attendance.
is the ideal employee who arrives to work and leaves on time. They also takes their breaks as per their schedule.
arrives at work every day fully prepared to tackle their responsibilities.
is reliable and there are no concerns with their attendance.
always ensures that their employees adhere to their lunch schedules and breaks.
attendance and punctuality is within company guidelines.
consistently meets all/most deadlines.
is punctual for work and meetings.
always arrives to work prepared.
is generally a good member of staff but their attitude sometimes lets them down.
has an inconsistent attitude that often negatively affects the team.
has a good working relationship with their team but there are some issues with other managers that need to be resolved.
is very composed but they displays a poor attitude that must be improved.
frequently takes breaks after meetings in which difficult decisions were announced.
appears uninterested and detached from their work lately as if they are no longer engaged in it.
It is clear that they are not satisfied with their work. They should consider the impact their attitude is having on others.
frequently presents a superior attitude toward coworkers. Their demeanor is rude and unfriendly.
displays a negative outlook at times which may be damaging to the team.
follows the appropriate schedule but they are often late returning from off-site activities which negatively impacts their coworkers.
is very punctual herself but they fails to ensure that their staff are also. They need to manage this better.
punctuality is very poor and unacceptable. They are very rarely on time.
If their attendance fails to improve within 90 days, their employment will be terminated under the company’s attendance policy.
is a capable and skilled worker; however they are let down by their abysmal punctuality which must be improved.
routinely falls behind in their daily meeting schedule which then impacts the schedules of others. They should address this immediately to remove the negative impacts on others.
is often tardy for work and despite repeated warnings, does not respect the attendance policy.
has had excellent attendance for most of the year but they have frequently been absent or late for work recently. Their timekeeping needs to be return to its previous reliability.
Despite good attendance overall, they frequently leaves early, or takes a half day of unscheduled time off on Friday during the summer. This provides a bad impression for their coworkers and employees.
does not meet the attendance standards for punctuality.
has exceeded the maximum number of vacation days allotted.
is frequently late.
does not return communications in a timely manner.
is often late for work and, despite frequent warnings, does not follow the attendance policy.
is frequently late to work in winter because they fails to account for weather and traffic in their daily commute.
Although they are mostly reliable in following their schedule, there is the occasional issue. They should try to address this.
shows a lack of respect for coworkers who have finished their shifts through their tardiness.
Management has noticed that they takes longer breaks than they are allotted.
does not meet current standards for punctuality and/or attendance.
needs to work on time management.
fails to respect the time of others.
utilizes time effectively.
needs to utilize the time they are given more effectively.
Is a reliable performer and maintains a good schedule.
is unreliable and often late for work.
is often late for the beginning of their work shift and consistently tardy returning from lunch.
is continually late for work. They must improve their attendance record in order to comply with company policy.
is continually late for work and should improve this area by focusing on arriving on time each day.
often takes extended lunches and does not make up the added time in their work schedule.
took several more personal days than permitted. They was frequently absent when needed.
frequently provides excuses for their late arrival times. They are unable to account for delays such as heavy traffic in their travel time.
does not arrive on time in the morning and then leaves at their normally scheduled exit time. They need to improve their time keeping.
is a detail minded person and their work is always completed with high quality.
always maintains a high level of accuracy in their work.
never neglects even the smallest detail of tasks assigned to him.
makes defect free products.
is very focused. They are conscious of every detail in their work.
is highly reliable. Their performance displays exceptional quality and accuracy.
accomplished all tasks they are assigned in a timely manner.
maintains a good standard of work aligned with a high level of productivity.
frequently encourages and helps colleagues to achieve high levels of productivity.
is fully aware of and acknowledges the importance of quality in their work.
displays a highly consistent level of performance in their work.
is always ready and prepared to accept new responsibilities and projects.
constantly pursues new learning and training opportunities.
consistently takes on additional responsibilities within the team.
is skillful in developing more efficient methods to perform specific tasks.
consistently looks for new ways to help the team.
is always willing to take a risk with learning opportunities.
takes on new responsibilities with minimal guidance or direction.
is not afraid to take calculated risks to make things work better.
has a strong grasp and understanding of their job responsibilities.
has strong communication with management on required updates in their job function.
knowledge of their job surpasses the required level.
collaborates well with other departments.
has an extensive peer network to access the required skills when necessary.
shares their job knowledge well with their peers.
shares their knowledge of industry trends and best practices to achieve enhanced outcomes in their job.
is highly adept in all areas of their job function.
is very detail minded. Their work is always done with exceptional quality.
ensures their work is accurate before giving it to the customer.
pays attention to detail in every task they are given.
produces error free output.
has a great eye for the details.
work can be relied on to be accurate and as expected / requested.
is a careful person. They always thinks twice before acting so their performance is always accomplished well.
is always exact when they performs their duties.
never skips any detail of their assignments.
consistently makes error-free products.
is reliable and their performance is of exceptional quality and accuracy.
is detailed and focused. Their work is always completed with high quality.
always maintains accuracy in their work.
never neglects any detail of any task given to him.
never makes mistake in the products they produces.
pays strong attention to their work. They never ignores any detail of their work.
good performance level is highly appreciated. Their work is high quality and accurate.
meets or exceeds all requirements with high productivity.
developed a [program/initiative] that delivered [x] results.
improved output/production by [x]%.
exceeded start of year goals by [number].
thoroughly plans and prepares for the unexpected.
provides consistent results that clients or customers can always count on.
deals with difficult demands from clients and customers in a way that leaves everyone satisfied.
will never quit until a project is finished.
rarely achieves their monthly performance targets.
makes frequent process errors.
produces a higher defect rate than their peers.
work does not comply with the required output standards.
demonstrates a low level of knowledge of the required work procedures.
is reluctant to take on new responsibilities.
cannot be relied upon to produce a product that is up to expectations.
The products produced by them have an unacceptably high defect level.
is unable to concentrate on their work.
is unaware of their job requirements.
The quality of their work is unreliable.
fails to spend sufficient time to check their work before submission.
work frequently fails to pass inspection.
is unwilling to assume responsibilities outside of their job description.
is a bad influence on morale within the team.
is unwilling to train and learn new skills.
doesn’t contribute ideas to projects or their suggestions are ambiguous.
seems unwilling to learn new skills.
is unable to perform their job without assistance.
lack of concentration results in a high level of errors.
has little understanding of the competitive business landscape.
has difficulty in locating the necessary information to complete their job responsibilities.
produces too many unnecessary errors.
work quality is substandard.
fails to demonstrate a strategic mindset.
does not demonstrate sufficient competency in the basic concepts of their role.
work cannot be relied on.
work doesn’t pass inspection by other team members.
doesn’t pay attention to the details of the tasks they are assigned.
overlooks key requirements given to them for their tasks.
produces unreliable work output.
doesn’t spend enough time reviewing their work before handing it in as complete.
never performs as well as we expect.
usually makes mistakes when performing their duties.
rarely pays attention to the details of their duties.
work is consistently being passed back for rework.
doesn’t understand the key requirements of their job.
The quality of their products is unreliable.
doesn’t spend enough time checking their work before handing it over.
cannot be relied upon. They are unable to produce the quality of products that is expected.
Products made by them contain many errors and rarely pass any inspection phase.
doesn’t focus on details of their tasks. Their products contain many errors.
often makes mistakes in their work.
is unable to focus on the important tasks and ensure they are completed first.
We can not rely on them to produce a quality product.
doesn’t take enough time to carefully check their core performance products before submission.
does not understand how to deal with difficult demands from a client or customer.
is falling behind coworkers when it comes to producing results.
maintains a calm and composed demeanor under stressful situations.
always knows how to best apply new and more effective approaches to conduct business.
enables others to remain calm and focused on the main goals.
quickly adapts to changes in the performance of their duties.
readily appreciates others’ comments or criticism.
shows initiative at work by adopting new and appropriate methods to perform their duties.
acknowledges and recognizes any proposal for change.
is ready to face up to any change in circumstances.
promptly tackles changes while completing their assignments.
welcomes criticism that will help to improve the business.
demonstrates an enthusiastic approach to whatever method they are using to fulfill a task.
is open to any proposed change.
gets involved and quickly adapts to different changes in different situations.
is willing to look for more effective methods to conduct business.
stays calm whenever there are stressful circumstances.
enables everyone around them to remain calm and concentrate on the final goal.
promptly tackles changes during doing their assignments.
welcomes criticism to help improve their business.
enthusiastically comments about the method they are using to fulfill a task.
accepts change readily.
actively involves themself in the business. They responds well to change and different situations.
is slow to confront any changes.
follows established procedures so strictly that they are resistant to change.
is unwilling to accept even minor changes.
is frequently completes any plan or project late.
neglects tasks perceived as low priority.
rarely attends any independent, research based activities.
rarely cooperates with other departments or assists them to complete their tasks.
is easily demotivated if things fail to perform as well as expected.
frequently avoids or delays attending training, or deployment of new programs.
is reluctant to take responsibility for “menial” tasks.
does not demonstrate an ability to work or conduct research independently.
is unwilling to assume responsibility for colleagues’ tasks when necessary.
is easily confused about “out of plan” changes.
is unwilling to accept last-minute changes.
fails to fulfill the responsibilities stated in their job description seriously.
is unwilling to accept even minor changes.
communication skills, both verbal and written, are highly effective.
is a friendly communicator and has built a rapport with every division in the company.
can effectively communicate the requirements of the job and the expected outcome to their employees. They regularly talks to their employees to ensure work is on track.
is an effective communicator who works very well with their team members.
builds good relationships through open and friendly communication.
can freely converse with anybody around him.
can engage well with anyone.
has a nice and gentle demeanor. They relates to others very well.
is able to connect with people in a uncomfortable environment and encourage them to do a great job.
is highly spoken of by others due their ability to build good relationships.
positive attitude and willingness to listen are highly appreciated by their coworkers.
has a natural ability to put others at ease and this is an important asset.
is always improving themself and works well with others.
is able to quickly understand peoples personalities and relate to them well.
is able to connect to people in unusual ways. This has proven to be a great asset in their managerial role.
regularly gives constructive feedback.
is willing to consider other people’s ideas.
asks pertinent and insightful questions.
is able to explain complex and difficult issues in terms that are easy to understand.
is not afraid to say “I don’t know” when faced with a difficult question.
is able to summarize and communicate key business decisions effectively.
communication skills stand out from those of their peers.
effectively persuades and convinces their peers, especially in times of high stakes.
is an effective listener. They are always willing to hear and understand others’ fears or concerns.
makes new employees feel welcome.
is a calming influence when the team is under pressure.
strives to create a positive atmosphere in the work place.
communicates effectively, both verbally and in writing.
long experience working with people is clearly evident in their communication skills.
has the valuable skill of being able to communicate difficult concepts in easy to understand language.
is good at communicating difficult messages with employees, management, and customers.
As an employee, their communication was good; as a manager, they have proved an even more effective communicator. Their communication skills have improved tremendously this year.
is an adept communicator and is one of the best business writers I have had the pleasure of working with. They communicates very well through their reports and white papers.
written communication is very good, however their verbal communication skills could be improved. They should work on being an active listener.
reports necessary information to their coworkers.
is excellent at keeping a written record of their assignments and projects.
key strength is their candor and effective communication with their employees.
core strength is their ability to immediately connect with anyone.
is a very competent communicator.
has a knack for making people feel important when they speaks with them. This translates into great opportunities for teamwork and connections to form.
makes people feel at home. Their natural ability to work with people is a great asset to our team.
conducts themself and the relationships with their coworkers very well.
can quickly build a positive relationship with people and understand how to relate to them.
is able to create a sustain a positive and professional relationship with their coworkers, direct reports, and management team.
is a positive influence on those around them and inspires them to work harder.
has a good understanding of how to relate to people and make them comfortable.
can seemingly strike up a conversation with anybody. They has a gift in relating to people around him.
can find a point of connection with just about anyone.
is a nice and affable person who works well with others.
has a natural rapport with people and communicates very well with others.
finds it easy to connect with others and relates well with them.
maintains good relationships with every department in the company through their skill in communicating with others.
has good relationships with their colleagues due to their good communication skills.
is friendly and open-minded so they creates good relationship with other team members.
brings comfort to people working with him. They makes people feel great when being in a team with him.
has the ability to resolve any issue by themself and they creates good relationships with their colleagues.
can easily create a positive relationship with others and knows how to communicate with them.
has a special ability in connecting people and they applies this ability well as a manager.
sought and considered ideas from others on issues that affected them.
spoken communication was well-organized, courteous, and effective.
provided or exchanged information while keeping others informed through effective communication.
was sensitive to the feelings and efforts of others.
listens effectively to others’ ideas, problems or suggestions.
demonstrates effective public greeting skills.
demonstrates effective telephone skills.
seeks feedback on the effectiveness of their written and oral communication
adapts their communication methods to respond to different audiences.
provides accurate and timely information, both written and orally.
actively listens to others.
involves others in problem solving.
provides clear instructions and expectations.
works in an open manner and shares information with others to get the job done.
expresses ideas clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing.
listens carefully, and sincerely considers the ideas of others.
maintains confidentiality, and exercises good judgment about what to say and when.
responds in a prompt and friendly manner to requests and inquiries.
keeps others informed.
routinely meets with supervisors and key customers to exchange information and clarify expectations.
asks appropriate questions to clarify information or needs.
provides accurate and timely information both orally and written.
keeps managers and coworkers informed of their work progress.
is excellent at keeping written information about their assignments and projects.
One of their core strengths is their ability to immediately connect with someone.
clearly communicates with their employees and they understand their expectations.
is a very interesting colleague to work with.
always knows how to establish a good rapport with other team members.
gets on well with other people easily. They has very good communication skills.
can quickly build a positive relationship with people. They understands how to relate to people.
has a good understanding of how to relate to people and make them comfortable.
natural ability to work with people is a great asset to our team.
can maintain good communication with everybody and they also encourages people to work harder and more effectively.
has good interpersonal skills and knows how to maintain good relationship with others and keep them satisfied.
is very good at communicating and everybody appreciates their good behavior with others.
has a natural rapport with people and communicates very well with others.
makes people feel at home with him. Their natural ability to work with people is a great asset to our team.
uncanny ability to connect with people is a great personality attribute in their role as a manager.
feedback is always constructive.
effectively communicates expectations and goals.
effectively communicates personal concerns.
effectively highlights problems within the company and/or solutions to fix them.
manages meetings efficiently.
is able to listen as effectively as well as talk.
asks insightful and probing questions.
is able to empathize with others and is respectful of opposing viewpoints.
demonstrates appreciation for others and thanks them for their assistance.
is courteous and acknowledges the contributions of others. They are respectful of the feelings of others.
respects other peoples’ time and priorities.
treats others fairly and without prejudice or bias.
is seen by their peers as someone whom they can depend on.
does not initiate conflict and actually takes measures to ensure that conflict does not occur.
demonstrates tact and diplomacy when resolving conflicts. They addresses concerns directly with the individuals involved.
takes initiative to address concerns with other staff in a timely manner promoting understanding and cooperation.
approach to conflict resolution is exceptional, creating enhanced teamwork, without hard feelings
contributes to a positive work environment through their interactions with others.
demonstrates flexibility by adapting to changes in priorities and the work environment.
demonstrates positive personal regard when confronting problems with others.
demonstrates respect for responsible dissent
behaves in ways designed to keep problems impersonal whenever possible.
maintains positive work relationships.
treats others with courtesy and respect.
is cooperative and responsive.
builds trust and works with integrity.
treats others with respect, courtesy, tact, and friendliness and actively attempts to be helpful towards others.
accepts criticism, is open to new ideas, and handles conflict constructively and diplomatically.
is consistently able to obtain the cooperation of others.
works through conflict for positive solutions and results.
promotes cooperation and teamwork.
learns from conflict and makes appropriate changes.
takes the initiative to improve working relationships and foster feelings of mutual respect with coworkers and customers.
makes a special effort to boost employee morale and create a positive work environment.
always asks for immediate feedback and takes constructive criticism well. They applies any feedback to their current and future projects to ensure they are performing their work adequately.
project teams always applaud the way they communicates ideas, requirements and changes. The like how they always encourages open communication.
instills a sense of confidence in their coworkers and project team by encouraging an atmosphere of openness. Their coworkers often comment on how they feel good about sharing new ideas and thoughts without fear of intimidation.
is a compassionate listener and makes each customer know they values their time.
lacks communication skills.
message is easily misunderstood by others due to their lack of communication skills.
fails to communicate with their team members in an effective way.
directs quickly but has a bad attitude with their feedback.
does appreciate that happy team members can affect their own job performance and this makes those around them unpleasant.
has left a wake of bad relationships in their career path.
should keep on cultivating good relationships with others around him.
has not related to their coworkers well.
does not understand that having good working relationships with others in a team is very important.
does not understand how complicated relationships management is.
is a gentle coworker, but the people around them do not like them because of their strong personality.
complains of a lack of resources to adequately complete job functions.
fails to alert the proper personnel regarding bad news.
regularly engages in off-putting conversations and can be territorial at times.
humiliates staff members on a regular basis.
has other coworkers deliver bad news instead of doing it himself.
makes others feel intimidated when working on company projects.
position requires them to have sufficient technical skills, however, they does not speak up during technical meetings to discuss potential solutions.
must improve their foreign language skills to stay competitive in this industry.
is not adept at documenting verbal communication. They should work on this skill over the next 90 days.
One of their roles is to find consensus among their team members, but they have frequently failed to accomplish this task.
does not communicate effectively and clearly.
holds too many meetings. Holding fewer meetings would be more effective.
should communicate project status updates more frequently.
lacks credibility in their messages. Their coworkers do not believe they are honest.
does not convey a positive image of the company to customers.
has proven to be an ineffective communicator.
does not effectively communicate. They must improve both their written and verbal communication.
does not work well with others.
has a very strong personality and this has caused a rift on our team.
creates an excellent impression among the management team, yet their fellow team members cannot stand working with him.
should continue to work on cultivating good relationships with those around him.
works well with members of their own team, yet they have an “us” against “them” mentality when it comes to others within the company.
Many of their coworkers see them as unapproachable.
gives off an impression of superiority to those around him.
is brisk with their directions and crude with their feedback.
seems to shrink when he’s around others and does not cultivate good relations with their coworkers.
lacks confidence and communicates inefficiently when they meets people.
communication skills are not good so others often misunderstand their message.
is unable to efficiently communicate with their colleagues.
creates distance between them and their colleagues because of their poor manners.
is not liked by those colleagues working with them despite the good impression the management team has of him.
feels shy when they communicates with others and they cannot build good relationships with their colleagues.
communication continues to be substandard. They consistently fails to properly notify team members about impending changes or other required information.
needs to improve their communication skills with their co-workers. They must learn to improve their communications with other employees and management.
needs to share department and corporate goals in a more timely and complete manner. Their employees do not understand what the company is doing.
During their time, they have gained nothing but left only scars of bad relationships with others.
tends to stand alone in the corner among a crowd. It’s hard to communicate with him.
Many of their coworkers see them as unapproachable.
does not work well with others. They has a very strong personality and this has caused a rift on our team.
should continue to work on cultivating good relationships with those around him
is not good at communicating with others so they often makes them feel uncomfortable. It is better for them to improve their interaction skills to build good relationships with them.
does not understand how crucial good working relationships with fellow team members are.
blames others for problems too often.
needs to speak up more when faced with concerns.
often says “I don’t know” when confronted with a tricky question or problem.
does not return communications in a timely manner.
needs to work on listening to others.
constantly talks over others in meetings.
never talks in meetings.
works well with members of their own team, yet they have an “us” against “them” mentality when it comes to others within the company.
shows that they can develop creative solutions to solve problems.
is adept at facing difficult situations.
usually has insightful viewpoints, so whenever we need a fresh look at a problem, we know we can turn to him.
is expert at taking creative ideas and molding them into solutions.
can tackle common problems by creating new and innovative solutions.
encourages their teammates to create ideas which have form and provide more creative solutions.
creativity is very high. Specifically, they solved a problem with an extra creative solution.
thinks outside the box to find the best solutions to a particular problem.
is creative and finds ways to correlate ideas with actions.
skillfully adapts when presented with new information and ideas.
s always willing to directly challenge the status quo in pursuit of a more effective solution.
regularly contributes fresh ideas.
encourages coworkers to be inventive.
contributes innovative ideas in group projects.
regularly contributes suggestions on how to improve company processes.
constantly searches for new ideas and ways to improve efficiency.
creates an invigorating atmosphere for their team: one in which new ideas are rewarded and encouraged.
doesn’t accept “we’ve always done it this way” as a solution. They constantly reviews solutions to see if they are the most effective way of doing things.
encourages their teammates to think outside of the box and to be more creative with solutions.
In meetings, they are very good at extracting unique ideas out of people, even those not normally considered as very creative people.
is a very creative innovator. They solved an on-going problem by looking for a solution from all angles.
When we’re in crisis mode, they can be relied upon to craft a viable and inventive solution.
has a creative personality which allows their to suggest original ideas. They should continue to adopt this position in the company.
is an innovator at heart. Their skill in inspiring new ideas is an asset to our team.
has an imaginative personality and is very resourceful in times of need.
has a creative touch in a sometimes monotonous role within our team. They adds an admirable inspiration to the day-to-day tasks they performs.
adds an artistic flair to everything they produces which makes their projects much more enjoyable than most.
creates breakthrough and helpful ideas in meetings – one of people you do not think to be creative employees.
When we face difficulty, we are sure that we can rely on their for a helpful and creative solution.
has a creative ability which helps their develop unique ideas. They should utilize this to promote their position in the company.
uses their knowledge of technology and innovates to avoid mistakes.
constantly searches for new ideas and ways to improve efficiency.
creates an exciting atmosphere for their team: one in which new ideas are rewarded and encouraged.
encourages their teammates to think outside of the box and to be more creative with solutions.
is very good at extracting unique ideas out of people during meetings – some you might not consider as very creative people.
is an innovator at heart – their skill at inspiring new ideas is an asset to our team.
has an imaginative personality and is very resourceful in times of need.
In meetings, they often has new and interesting ideas about the issues discussed. It shows their creativity.
is a creative person. When problems occur, they are often the first person who thinks and finds the most effective solutions to deal with them perfectly.
is the person we rely on to deal with serious problems, They keeps a clear r mind clear and think intelligently. They can give the most innovative and effective solutions.
does care about the creative side of their team and always ignores the innovate employees reporting to him.
does not encourage their team to find creative solutions.
appears to be a rigid manager, but if they thought in a more flexible way, it would do them well.
is unwilling to work on issues outside of their skill set. They should develop their troubleshooting ability and develop their career.
does not usually innovate and when they does, it is reluctantly.
cannot create new ideas.
is unwilling to consider new or interesting ideas, even when the run-of-the-mill ideas have been exhausted.
is not flexible enough to create new ideas when needed.
is not conducive to new ideas and innovations from their team.
demonstrates a lack of interest in contributing creative or innovative ideas.
is rigid and unwilling to adapt when presented with new information.
fails to properly attribute coworkers who contribute innovative solutions.
seems unwilling to take risks, even when there is a compelling reason and clear upside.
fails to incentivize peers to take creative and innovative risks.
is reluctant to find more effective ways to perform job activities.
discourages creative solutions from their team.
has a difficult time thinking “outside of the box” and creating new and untested solutions.
is creative but they have a tendency to act before thinking. This causes problems when an untested or unexamined idea is moved forward too quickly.
consistently takes a rigid and practical, stance about things without thinking how they could creatively solve a problem.
has shown a tendency to be a matter-of-fact manager, but in their position, thinking in a more resourceful manner would do them well.
Whenever they runs into an obstacle, they have a tendency to stop and ask for help. We encourage them to develop solutions – or even recommendations – before asking for help.
does not research solutions deeply enough and often just compiles ideas found on websites. This does not help for many of the problems we run into.
rarely innovates and when they does, it seems forced.
fails to generate new ideas.
needs to work on being more resourceful on tasks and projects.
isn’t willing to take risks on creative ideas.
usually voices breakthrough and helpful ideas in meetings – even though they are not one of people you think of as a creative employee.
is a team member with advanced creative thinking. For example, they looked for a solution from different sides to resolve a current issue.
When we face difficulties, we are sure that we can rely on them for a helpful and creative solution
has the creative ability to develop unique ideas. They should utilize this to promote their position in the company.
uses their knowledge of technology and their innovation to avoid mistakes.
has a creative touch in a sometimes monotonous role within our team. They adds inspiration to the day to day tasks they performs admirably.
When a major problem arises, we frequently turn to them for their creativity in solving problems. The way they can look at an issue from different sides is a great resource to our team.
Whenever we need a fresh look at a problem, we know we can turn to them for a novel perspective.
doesn’t rely on typical methods to solve a problem, but addresses each situation with a innovative viewpoint.
creates an exciting atmosphere for their team: one in which new ideas are rewarded and encouraged.
finds it difficult to develop breakthrough ideas and submit untested solutions.
is inventive but they usually acts without thinking. This will cause problems if an unchecked or untested idea is implemented as soon as it is thought of.
has a lot of creative ideas but they finds it difficult to bring them to fruition. They should learn how to marry creativity with practice.
does not want to refer to different solutions or ideas except the ones that they are using. This reduces the creativity of other member of the team.
discourages creative solutions from their team.
has shown a tendency to be a matter-of-fact manager, but in their position, thinking in a more resourceful manner would do them well.
does not research solutions deeply enough and often just compiles ideas found on websites. This does not help for many of the problems we run into.
rarely innovates and when they does, it seems to be reluctant.
needs to work on being more resourceful on tasks and projects.
can be a creative person with many interesting ideas but they cannot successfully to tap into it. They should promote and develop their potential is getting the balance of being pragmatic and creative right.
often applies their personal ideas to problem solving without any thought to other people’s alternatives or opinions. This stifles the team’s creativity.
shows a lack of communication and interaction with their team members. This prevents their from finding new ideas.
team feels discouraged as they often “shoots down” creative ideas without any explanation. They should be more willing to listen to ideas before they rejects them outright.
does not tap into the creative side of their team. They consistently overlooks the innovate employees reporting to him.
is a creative employee but they have a tendency to act before thinking. This causes problems when an untested or unexamined idea is moved forward too quickly.
actively seeks new ideas and approaches.
is excited and innovative when faced with unexpected obstacles.
constantly searches for different and better ways to accomplish goals.
has launched creative initiatives such as [specific example].
is creative in finding ways to correlate ideas with action.
has become a constant well of fresh ideas.
needs to find more ways to take creative risks.
is unable to find more than one way to achieve a difficult task.
has proven themself to be an innovator at heart.
has a talent for thinking outside of the box, and encouraging others to do the same.
consistently provides a new angle or way of thinking about things.
can too often fall into the role of “naysayer.”
needs to be more resourceful in accomplishing goals and tasks.
willingness to assist team mates in completing their tasks demonstrates their sense of responsibility.
is fully accountable for their actions and never shirks responsibility.
character trait of recognizing and complying with their responsibilities is remarkable.
has an accountable attitude.
The quality of their work is highly consistent.
work is always submitted in a timely fashion.
respects their work timescales fully.
is highly punctual on arrival to work and also meetings.
meets deadlines without needing to be reminded.
fully complies with departmental leave and absence procedures.
status reports are accurate, correct and on time.
demonstrates commitment to the company in both words and actions.
submits all assigned work accurately and on time.
submits paperwork related to their job accurately and on time.
ensures their responsibilities are appropriately covered while on leave.
maintains an open attitude to change in order to successfully complete the job.
accepts change readily.
responds to change ensuring it is implemented in a positive way to enhance the success of the business.
treats confidential material with the appropriate care.
never publicly makes negative comments.
completes projects ahead of schedule without compromising quality.
presents a positive public image of the agency to others.
copes with new situations, unusual demands, emergencies or other critical incidents very well.
maintains a business-like demeanor
avoids participating in gossip and rumors.
actively seeks new or additional on-the-job training opportunities to obtain mastery over tasks, expand personal knowledge and add value to the work group.
demonstrates initiative consistent with job expectations to improve their performance.
performed their standard duties throughout the year and in addition took on several large projects and some smaller ones that had a significant positive impact on the department.
completes work within established time lines.
completes work well in advance of deadlines, allowing sufficient time for it to be reviewed.
demonstrates the professional job-specific skills necessary to provide the appropriate quality of work.
takes the initiative to learn skills that enhance their ability to contribute to the organization.
positively influences the behavior of other employees.
displays through a supportive and optimistic approach to daily activities within the work environment.
readily assists coworkers in response to fluctuations in workloads.
offers assistance to others without needing to be asked.
readily volunteers assistance even when it would not normally be expected.
is empathetic to the needs of others.
strives to create a positive atmosphere in the work place.
shows awareness of the environment external to the organization and its needs.
routinely uses their time efficiently.
is always open to receiving feedback on their work.
often tries to offset responsibility onto others.
is very reluctant to acknowledge their failures.
doesn’t accept responsibility well.
frequently looks for excuses for failure instead of accepting responsibility.
blames processes and policies for their own shortcomings.
is able to work with clients’ objections, cope with them and convince the customers of the merits of their point of view.
can find the right approach with any client, even the most critical one.
is always polite and friendly with their customers. They never interrupts them during a conversation.
cannot afford to disappoint their client. If they have promised to do something, they will fulfill their promise.
always cares about the clients’ comfort and convenience.
always tries to take into account the customers’ interests while shaping a commercial offer.
always finds a way to inform the client about any unexpected changes if any of occur during the work process.
always tries to provide the customers with detailed information on any specific issue which they are interested in.
implements all contract arrangements and fulfills all obligations to their clients.
good attitude towards clients makes them use the company’s service again and recommend it to others.
always goes above and beyond their job requirements to satisfy their customers.
works well with customers. They can deal with furious customers with a calm and rational attitude.
peers, managers, and customers rate their handling of customer service situations as very good.
is one of our most proficient customer service trainers. Their ability is demonstrated when working in customer care.
understands how to listen to customers and find out the details which make a big difference when dealing with our clients.
customers always rate them highly and give them high marks on on their customer satisfaction surveys.
understands how to make sure that customers are satisfied. They does everything necessary to retain customers.
works well with clients. Their clients never complain about him
is good at keeping customers happy. They successfully up-sells to them at the same time
solves customer complaints with a calm attitude. They handles difficult situations with customers very well.
demonstrates how providing excellent customer service has a lasting effect on customer relationships and customer retention.
works effectively with clients.
creates a strong rapport with those they interacts with.
clearly enjoys the people related aspects of the business.
is pleasant and projects a friendly tone over the phone.
has become a linchpin with clients.
consistently spearheads effective customer relations.
Is empathetic when faced with customer issues.
Is helpful and diect in dealing with customer concerns.
displays an effective cadence when working with clients on projects. Their manner is effective without being not overbearing.
artfully helps customers overcome objections.
deals with difficult customers with grace.
handles customer service situations well. They are rated well by their peers, managers, and customers.
understands how to listen to customers. They can extract the details which make a big difference when dealing with our clients.
deals with customer complaints with a calm demeanor. They are very good at handling difficult situations with customers.
works with customers very well. They are very good at dealing with irate customers in a calm and rational manner.
takes great pride in their work.
skillfully overcomes client objections.
has consistently high marks on their customer satisfaction surveys.
understands the latitude to ensure customer satisfaction. They does everything necessary to retain customers.
always keeps appointments and returns calls.
is approachable and responsive to customers and others.
shows appropriate patience with complaining customers and employees.
treats the customer with respect and courtesy.
provides consistent, quality service to all customers.
is available to the customer and provides accurate, consistent, and honest information
listens to the customer and provides feedback that will benefit the customer in the future
understands who the customer is.
strives to satisfy customers’ needs.
offers appropriate and innovative solutions to customer problems.
demonstrates a courteous and professional attitude in handling customer complaints.
responds promptly to requests for information or assistance.
meets customer expectations in a timely manner. They delivers what has been promised.
follows up with customers in a timely manner.
responds to telephone and e-mail messages within four hours.
anticipates the future needs or problems of customers. They takes action to meet future customer needs or solve problems in advance.
makes an extra effort to keep customers accurately informed.
understands the customer from their point of view. They has a thorough knowledge of the customer’s world and is able to anticipate customer’s requests.
often criticizes rivals in order to convince customers to use the services of their company,
strives to satisfy their customers’ needs in any situation, even if the company may suffer financially.
focuses on satisfying wide audience need where an individual approach to each client is needed.
spends too much time communicating with clients over the phone.
tries to clients’ questions immediately but neglects direct professional duties in the process.
always goes beyond their responsibilities in trying to support their clients in every situation,
sometimes treats their clients in an over-familiar manner. They crosses the line of the company’s corporate ethics.
emotional state is negatively impacted by an inability to take their mind off their work due to being available to clients at any time.
spends a lot of time and effort on creating good relationships with their clients, but the working environment leaves much to be desired.
If they have any doubts about their own company, they recommends a rival company in the interests of their client.
sticks to the phone script rigidly and inflexibly. They need to handle customers more creatively and flexibly.
can deal with the everyday customer service situations, but with complex issues, they are not flexible and does not know what action to take.
average time per call is too high. They need to reduce the average time per call. They need to deal with customers efficiently.
can deal with customers on the phone very well, but they does not handle face to face customer contact very well.
cannot maintain relationships with their customers well.
customers always give them low marks in the customer satisfaction surveys.
does not understand how to to solve problems with customers and gives up easily.
does not always listen to their customers well.
has not understood completely why customer service training is important. They are late to class frequently and sometimes does not take part at all.
consistently receives substandard comments from customers.
appears uninterested in helping customers with their challenges.
does not manage customer expectations, especially in tough situations.
consistently passes challenging issues to others instead of tackling them himself.
misses opportunities to further educate customers about other products or services.
uses inappropriate language with customers.
appears to become frustrated by clients who ask questions.
displays sarcasm when dealing with client challenges.
does not understand how to deal with a difficult customer. They passes difficult customers to their supervisor frequently.
In most areas of customer service Harry does a good job, but when it comes to difficult situations, Harry does not understand how to calm the customer down and follow the script.
Bill has consistently shown they does not listen to their customers well.
Teri can handle the run of the mill customer service situation, but the more complex issues seem to cause their to freeze and not react.
John fails to follow up with customers as requested.
Bob has consistently low marks on their customer satisfaction surveys.
A person with good decision-making skills should be making sound fact based judgements.
Able to work out multiple alternative solutions and determine the most suitable choice.
Be objective in considering facts or situations.
Doesn’t allow individual emotions or feelings influence decisions.
Is decisive in difficult situations.
Is supportive and encourages others to work with him.
is skilled at analyzing any situation and working out a solution.
always defines a problem clearly and seeks out alternative solutions.
always thinks twice before making their decision.
consistently updates colleagues on what is going on within the company.
is prepared to tackle complex situations and always develops suitable solutions to offer to the managers.
always understands problem thoroughly and tries to find different solutions.
only makes a decision after considering it carefully.
provides the latest information relating to their job to everyone.
does not mind facing complicated situations and always finds appropriate solutions to offer to management.
is able to work out multiple alternative solutions and determine the most suitable one.
is objective when considering a fact or situation.
is firm to not let the individual emotion and feeling affect on the made decision.
is decisive in difficult situations.
is able to make sound fact-based judgments.
is able to analyze any problem and find the best solution to any problem.
always analyzes an issue carefully and then looks for different ways to resolve that issue.
is ready to deal with complicated consequences. They has ability to find the most suitable solutions to submit to management.
thinks through potential resolutions to problems before making a rash judgment.
keeps management apprised of ongoing problems or issues that occur within the department.
is not afraid to respond to complex issues and provide recommendations to all levels of management.
is able to successfully analyze a problem and find an appropriate resolution.
clearly explains the problem and offers the users several different resolution options.
investigative skills has provided a key resource for a team focused on solving glitches. Their ability to quickly assess a problem and identify potential solutions is key to their excellent performance.
examines a problem and quickly identifies potential solutions. They recommends the most suitable solution.
understands the testing process and how to discover a solution to a particular problem.
is one of the more technical employees we have on staff. They can quickly analyze a situation and discover practical solutions.
is adept at discovering potential solutions for problems.
is too hesitant to make a decision. This often results in wrong decision.
applies overly complex and impractical approaches to solving problems.
fails to make short-lists of solutions recommended by direct units.
is often paralyzed and confused when facing tight deadlines to make decisions.
makes too many complaints about the content of the job.
tends to apply a narrow and rushed decision-making approach.
avoid conflicts at work in relation to the decision making process.
struggles to work out a solution to any difficult problem.
is uncomfortable when faced with any awkward problem.
easily loses focus when facing a complex situation.
fails to provide managers with the necessary information when a problem arises.
repeats their mistakes over and over again. They doesn’t know how to learn from failure.
is unable to find out a solution when facing a complicated situation.
cannot give managers the requisite information when an issue occurs.
makes mistakes again and again. John needs to learn the appropriate lessons from failure.
has difficulty coming up with resolution to difficult problems.
relies on others in heated situations.
loses their focus when problems arise.
is poor at communicating a problem’s status before it becomes a crisis.
can offer potential solutions to a problem but struggles to identify the best solution.
lacks the skill to analyze a problem to discuss the core issues.
resists further training in problem solving. They believes they are proficient, yet they are lacking in many areas.
It is their responsibility, in their role, to solve problems. They seems slow and indecisive when presented with a major issue.
finds it hard to look for a solution to a difficult situation.
is impossible to submit needed information to the managers when they faces a complex situation.
is willing to work overtime until the project is finished.
is the go-to person if the task absolutely must be completed by a given time.
shows that they are a positive person who is willing to do whatever it takes to help.
is an important member of our team and will finish the task when it is required.
We can believe in him.
never fails to impress by performing well each day. We depend on him.
always finishes the jobs faithfully, They performs at or above all our expectations.
is loyal and trustworthy.
is one of our hardest workers. They demonstrate that they cares about their job, their coworkers, and the company.
consistently impresses us with their willingness to do whatever it takes to get the job done.
is a very reliable employee.
is dependable and turns in good performance each day. They never fails to impress.
shows faithful commitment to getting the job done. They consistently performs at or above expectations.
When we have a task that must be done, we turn to him. They has our trust because he’s proven they can get the job done.
is known for their dependability and willingness to do what it takes.
is willing to get their hands dirty with their employees to ensure the job gets completed on time.
There are many times we have tasks that absolutely must be completed by a given time. They can be relied upon to get the task accomplished on time.
has been a reliable and valued member of team. Their commitment to punctuality and attendance has contributed greatly to our team’s overall success.
displays exceptional performance day after day.
keeps their word under all circumstances.
does everything possible to maintain a strong and steady performance in all circumstances.
is unfazed by any obstacles, pressures or demands that would justifiably derail others.
can be counted on to give 100 percent under all circumstances.
keeps to their commitments and works with fellow employees to help them keep to theirs.
automatically works extra hours if that’s what it takes to get the job done right.
can be counted upon for steady performance.
consistently demonstrates solid performance in all aspects of their work.
handles projects conscientiously from start to finish.
is an asset to our team. If it needs to to completed, they will finish it.
We cannot depend on him. If a task must be completed it is better assigned to someone else.
does not believe in their efforts. They does not demonstrate a willingness to complete the job.
is never willing work overtime even if the jobs requires it.
shows no willingness to do what it takes to get the job done, especially in this economy.
reliability is in doubt. Their work results are often poor and must be checked frequently.
tends to leave work for others to do; while most of their coworkers are willing to work late to finish the project.
productivity is not as good as that of their coworkers.
is very loyal but they cannot be depended on. They are an irresponsible person.
is usually reliable in their work, but there have been a few incidents where this was not the case.
is very loyal guy, but cannot be depended on.
We need people who are willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done. They are not one of those people.
does not demonstrate a concern for others perception of them or their job performance.
results are not as consistent as those of their coworkers.
is not reliable for their effort and does not demonstrate a willingness to do whatever it takes to get the job accomplished.
does not show a willingness to help their employees out even when production is behind. Since being promoted to supervisor, they have taken a hands off approach to the detriment of their team.
demands reliability from others, but not from himself.
has energy, drive, and performance levels that are inconsistent and unpredictable.
talks about deliverables, but does not consistently deliver.
disappoints employees who depend on him.
makes promises that they doesn’t keep.
guarantees that deadlines will be met, but consistently misses them.
is reliable when it suits him, they constantly needs to be reminded to do tasks they does not enjoy.
is very punctual and values the time of their colleagues and business partners. They has never been late to business meetings.
is a very honest person. They never abuses any company benefits for personal purposes.
is a highly principled. They are good manager who treats all employees equally, regardless of gender, age or any other factor.
has the ability to resolve disputes with clients and partners peacefully.
discourages gossip or other negative discourse at the workplace. They forms a good working climate.
is well-mannered and never criticizes their colleagues when they do something incorrectly. They helps to remedy the situation instead.
always complies with the dress code. Their conduct is as proper and formal as their appearance.
is a skilled negotiator who follows corporate rules and studied techniques. Their negotiation skills have had a positive impact on their career development.
has developed an effective system of encouraging and criticizing of their employees. Their people-management is respected by the working community.
is one of the most moral employees. Their firm stand on principles and ethics is to be commended.
follows all company policies. They abides by both the letter and the spirit of the rules.
is highly trustworthy. They shows high ideals about how they believes those around them should behave.
is someone we expect a lot out of and they consistently delivers. Their daily work ethic is a standard which others should follow.
understands their legal responsibility to the company very well.
high standards of ethics are shown through all of their work on a daily basis.
maintains the highest standards of personal integrity.
displays exemplary behavior in every aspect of their work.
is highly regarded for their integrity both within and outside the company.
Is a true embodiment of the company’s values regarding integrity.
sets the standard for integrity.
Identifies the most worthy steps and then follows them.
always opts for the reputable route when given a choice.
finds and implements commendable ways to handle any ethically challenging situation.
employees emulate the very high personal standards of integrity they sets.
consistently engages in meritorious behavior.
can be counted upon to act honorably in all situations.
fosters a climate of integrity in their department.
demonstrates the highest levels of integrity in all their dealings with employees.
always deals with customers with the highest levels of integrity.
has a strong sense of integrity that underlies all their dealings with vendors.
shows good intentions in all their workplace behaviors.
consistently takes the high road.
suitably counsels employees who engage in inappropriate behaviors.
has a strong sense of right and wrong. They consistently strives to do what’s right
maintains high standards of integrity across their department.
makes decisions that consistently reflect their strong commitment to acting reputably.
quickly dismisses less than exemplary options.
seems to be too focused on their appearance and following the dress code instead of working skills.
approach to respecting corporate ethics is too strict. The staff cannot show initiative in climate they have created.
is too restrained and does not encourage or compliment their personnel when they should.
fails to reprimand their employees even when they make serious mistakes in business negotiations.
goes into excessive details during business communications to make sure colleagues understands their point of view. It takes too much working time.
own high ethical approach and their faith in other people want to work ethically is often not justified.
values a mutually beneficial cooperation with their partners and maintains good relationships with them. They absolutely forgets about the necessary competitiveness, which is also important in business.
has created democratic and equal relationships with their employees but they should have been more demanding.
has occasionally made misleading statements that have needed to be corrected.
is often lax with regard to ethics in business dealings internationally. They must manage their employees to realize that international ethics must be more carefully considered.
There are some accusations from customers that they been untruthful.
meets the letter of the law but frequently fails to respect the spirit as far as our ethics policy is concerned.
Bending the rules is effectively breaking them in our line of work. They need to be more cautious about sticking strictly to the rules as defined.
lets expedience take priority over integrity.
sets integrity aside when pursuing their goals.
tries to rationalize their less-than-meritorious behaviors.
Integrity does not seem to rank particularly highly on their list of priorities.
always expects integrity from others, but doesn’t always display it himself.
demonstrates acceptable levels of integrity only intermittently.
has show several recent lapses in integrity.
violates company standards and expectations regarding employee integrity
has put the company at risk with their inappropriate actions.
engages in underhanded behaviors.
Has taken actions that have caused their employees to question their integrity.
has generated complaints from customers because of issues with their integrity.
has been the cause of concern from vendors because of their integrity.
has cost the company customers and money because of their disingenuous behavior.
has engaged in questionable behaviors that have led to corporate embarrassment.
is a flexible manager and always tries to understand and respect their employees’ situations. They creates a positive working environment.
is ready to improve and develop necessary skills to make their job more effective. They participates in trainings and other corporate events.
never gets stressed in unexpected situations. They never complains about innovations introduced at the workplace.
is ready to make a new and carefully considered decision if the situation has changed and the previous actions have become inappropriate.
is ready to work extra hours if urgent and essential issues must be solved by the end of the day.
is always ready for business trips when necessary for their job and for improving relationships with clients.
is strong and confident but at the same time open-minded. They are always ready to consider proposals from colleagues.
is always stays aware of market changes to be able to react immediately. This awareness helps the company develop and flourish.
always takes opposite and conflicting views into account to develop proper compromise solutions.
tries to find an individual approach to each person, colleague and customer. They optimizes their work and get benefits for the company.
constantly identifies more efficient ways of doing business.
readily accepts constructive criticism.
is a well-versed team player. They are capable of handling a variety of assignments.
is calm under pressure.
is a calming influence, especially within their peer group.
shows initiative, and is flexible when approaching new tasks.
He does not excel at activities which require a high degree of flexibility.
cannot refuse their colleagues’ requests. They excessively takes on extra work and additional problems.
always adapts to production changes by trying to please their manager. Standing on their own would be better.
fails to focus on their main task because they tries to gain more and more additional skills at their work.
employees abuse their willingness to allow them to work from home in case of necessity.
tries to perform several tasks simultaneously to finish work faster instead of setting the right priorities.
always accepts too many tasks and cannot cope with the huge amount of work in result.
can change their point of view without analyzing or defending it. They should be more certain about their proposals.
Due to their high levels of responsibility, they cannot afford to relax and enjoy some time out of work.
tends to resist activities where the path is unknown.
appears uninterested in new duties.
becomes uptight when the plan changes.
One of their strengths is their ability to design achievable goals. They ensures those goals are all met on time.
He is effective at goal-setting and challenging himself.
He clearly communicates goals and objectives to coworkers.
takes responsibility for the performance of their staff members. They ensures the achievement of the goals as planned.
defines clear goals and expects the right performance from their group.
knows how to keep their staff focused on a plan. They assigns suitable duties to each of them.
knows to assign suitable duties to each staff member. They urges their staff to give them the results they expects.
gives frequent feedback to their staff members. They coaches them to perform as required.
constantly strives to be the best they possibly can be.
sets concrete and measurable goals.
sets aggressive targets to meet business objectives.
creates clearly defined goals aligned with the company’s mission.
proactively shares progress towards goals.
usually shares their knowledge with their staff to help them perform their duties better.
takes responsibility for their team’s work and goals.
sets concrete and measured tasks.
assigns the right duty to the right staff and instructs them how to perform their assignments well.
always gives each staff member the right assignment. Their staff reward their expectations in their performances.
ensures their staff understand their job responsibilities. They holds their staff accountable for their responsibilities.
clearly communicates objectives, and what is expected from them to their team members.
consistently shares feedback with their staff regarding their progress.
holds themself accountable for their team’s performance objectives and goals.
sets clear and measurable performance expectations.
When working in a team, they always pays attention to the goals set. They monitors their staff’s achievements.
focuses on setting clear and achievable goals. They judges the right performance level from their group when doing their tasks.
He struggles to set goals that align with company objectives.
is ineffective at pursuing their goals.
is easily distracted at work. They fails to focus on their goals, resulting in failure.
devolves responsibility for deadlines and objectives to employees instead of accepting them as supervisor.
is ineffective at setting achievable goals.
Is inconsistent in defining goals and objectives.
assigns tasks to their employees without providing any information or feedback to keep them on the track.
sets performance goals that are out of touch with reality.
struggles to communicate when deadlines will be missed.
leaves peers struggling to understand the status of a project.
refuses to delegate to others. They attempts to do all the work by himself.
is unwilling to accept responsibility for missed goals.
is easily distracted. They are uninterested in focusing on achieving performance goals.
does not assign their staff effectively. Their ineffective assignments mean they cannot reach assigned goals.
does not achieve goals or objectives because they does not focus on their performance.
will shift responsibility onto others for unaccomplished deadlines or goals.
sometimes does not reach the set goals.
often assigns their members duties without giving them information or feedback. The lack of information means staff do not know what should do.
rarely achieves goals due to their inability to assign the right duties to the right person.
doesn’t always communicate the right information to their staff to ensure they are successful with their tasks.
fails to achieve the goals because they doesn’t delegate to their staff effectively.
gets distracted and doesn’t reach their goals or objectives.
will blame others for missed deadlines and objectives.
sets goals that sometimes are not achievable.
As a supervisor but they doesn’t accept responsibility is shared with their staff. They believes their employees are should accept all responsibility for deadlines, objectives and results.
goal-setting ability is not good. They sometimes asks their staff complete unachievable goals.
has a strong vision for the future, both personally, and for the company.
develops actionable goals and plans how to meet them.
implements plans swiftly and effectively. They adjusts plans when something is not working.
works to promote the company’s mission and vision.
contributes to the company’s larger goals.
needs to set goals that are more challenging.
constantly pursues opportunities for growth and learning.
should strive to aim a little higher when setting goals.
would benefit from reigning in goals and vision to something more achievable.
needs set goals that more accurately match their talent level.
doesn’t wait for instructions. They shows the initiative to find new tasks himself.
requires minimal supervision. They shows initiative on their own.
s a goal-oriented person. They sets their own priorities to accomplish their job.
is a very creative person. They are skilled in finding the best ways to get a job done.
has a high sense of responsibility to their job. They tries to perfect their performance without prompting.
never feels satisfied with their performance. They always seeks new ways to improve himself.
is supportive of new ideas, goals and working methods no matter where they come from.
is always ready to take over new tasks whenever needed.
Has excellent communication skills. They gets the job done through the best use of people.
is flexible and has the ability to adjust to any situation. They shows willingness to do whatever is necessary to get the task done.
always seeks ways to enhance their abilities and better himself.
always takes responsibility for their team and its performance.
always looks for new challenges and makes the work environment better.
always takes initiative in overcoming obstacles and finding a resolution that meets everyone’s needs.
fulfils their duty is by finding new challenges for himself.
does not need guidance. They always carries out their assignments without waiting to be told.
is a responsible staff member. They always performs their assignments through initiative without supervision.
explores new opportunities without being pushed to do so.
requires minimum supervision.
is always pursuing ways to further development or better himself.
always takes responsibility for their area and their actions.
is always challenging the way it has always been done and seeks to improve the environment.
champions new ideas, objectives or tools.
seeks and takes on any new opportunity that might present itself.
often thinks that their performance is not as good as everybody says. They always wants to try to improve their performance as much as possible.
is considered as the best person in the group because of their innovative ideas, critical goals and effective working methods.
never minds taking on new tasks. They always takes on even the most difficulty tasks to develop himself.
experience and knowledge doesn’t reflect that listed in their application.
must be closely supervised if they are to their work.
is lethargic and lacks the desire or volition to learn new skills or develop their qualifications.
It seems too difficult for them to do their job on their own.
won’t improve if they continues to neglect the opportunities in front of him.
does not seem to be adaptable. They are unable to perform consistently under pressure or thrive on constant change or challenge.
typically thinks inside the box and is afraid to risk doing anything in a new way.
is indecisive. They are unable to make quick decisions, take action or commit themself to a project’s completion.
does not seem to be an ideas person. They are not ready to generate or recognize new solutions when performing a task.
has poor abilities to establish priorities and courses of action for himself. They lacks the skills in planning and following up to achieve results.
does not use their experience and knowledge to its full potential.
needs close supervision when they are performing their assignments.
does not want to pick up any new techniques or skills.
finds it difficult to perform their duties without assistance or supervision.
lacks the excellence and skills detailed in their application.
needs constant guidance in order to accomplish their assignments.
does not actively want to learn new skills or techniques as or to improve their qualification.
doesn’t apply themself as much as they could given their experience and knowledge.
requires constant supervision to get their work completed.
doesn’t appear to want to learn any new techniques or skills.
has trouble doing their tasks without help or supervision.
doesn’t seek out opportunities to learn and grow within their role.
fails to think out of the box and prefers to do things the way they have always been done.
always has issues when they have to deal with tasks alone.
often neglects unexpected opportunities and loses the chance to improve himself.
often works in an unprofessional manner. They never risks doing anything innovatively.
is very studious. They are willing to study the knowledge needed for their job. They shares everything they knows with other team members.
always keeps themself updated about new information and knowledge in relation to their field of expertise.
shows a potentially excellent level knowledge about the job requirements and related skills.
is very knowledgeable about the products and special features of the company’s products.
John is very hard-working. They does not mind studying anything relating to the job. They shares anything they knows with other colleagues.
always shares updated and new information and knowledge relating to specialist area in which they are working.
possesses the perfect knowledge and skills that are useful for the their job.
has a deep knowledge of the products and particular characteristics of the company’s products.
possesses appropriate the expertise to perform their job at a highly professional level.
takes the available opportunities to increase their knowledge of relevant job skills.
completes their assignments accurately and in a timely and efficient manner.
shares their knowledge with coworkers.
maintains an up-to-date level of professional and technical knowledge.
demonstrates their knowledge of their job on a daily basis.
always applies new knowledge to their work and keeps up with changes in their field.
is always the first to understand new rules, upgraded software and equipment and adjust to the changes.
skill set exceeds the requirements for the job.
cannot fulfill their duties due to their lack of necessary knowledge of the job.
is unable to perform even the simplest tasks. They cannot be let out of the sight of their supervisors.
is not as knowledgeable about the job and its requirements as we expected.
doesn’t know even the key fundamentals of the job. They always has to ask for other people’s instruction.
cannot complete their job because they does not have the needed job knowledge.
does not have ability to do even the easiest tasks and requires close supervision.
does not satisfy our expectations because they lacks the necessary job knowledge.
does not understand the core basics of the job. They always needs their colleagues’ help.
is continually turning in sub-par work and needs to improve their job knowledge.
repeatedly asks the same questions about their job duties. They does not retain the important information required to perform their job well.
skill set does not meet requirements for the job.
knows how to apply appropriate knowledge and find information sources to make sound decisions.
is a fair decision-maker.
doesn’t let their viewpoint be clouded by doubt when faced with a problem.
can remain calm and cool-headed when dealing with problems.
can be very persuasive with their sound arguments.
is a fact-based decision maker.
maintains an objective judgment when determining immediate actions.
shows sound judgement when evaluating multiple opportunities.
comes to reasonable conclusions based on the information presented to him.
Is fact-based, and refuses to accept emotional arguments when making a decision.
remains calm, especially under stress.
balances swift decision-making, with the ability to analyze the many angles to a problem.
is confident and persuasive when making big decisions.
consistently understands the core issues. Their understanding of the issues enables them to solve problems at a remarkable pace.
makes confident decisions when presented with facts and data.
effectively prioritizes urgent matters over those that can wait.
effectively outlines the best case and worst case scenarios to aid decision-making.
is more of an emotion-based decision maker.
fails to make sound judgments.
doesn’t consult others for ideas and make subjective judgments.
cannot handle pressure well and makes quick decisions that are normally not the best.
makes hasty decisions without first collecting the facts and data needed to make an informed decision.
consistently displays excessive hesitation when making a decision.
makes big decisions without the approval of all respective parties.
is unable to keep confidential information private.
approaches decisions with a one-track mindset.
commonly fails to consider all the facts before making a decision.
encourages others to voice their own opinions.
listens to opinions and ensures that staff feel that they are being listened to, and are free to express their opinions.
has mastered the skill of showing the employee they have understood their concerns and opinions.
tries to understand the employee’s point of view.
shows appropriate behavior and gestures, such as nodding or keeping eye contact to indicate attention and agreement.
patiently to listens to others’ opinions and waits until they finish speaking.
is an active and focused listener.
makes sure the team feels heard.
creates healthy dialogue to help the bring about the best solution.
listens with an open mind.
demonstrates a sincere appreciation for opposing viewpoints.
actively seeks feedback, even when it’s not in agreement with their own view.
asks insightful questions to understand the root cause of an issue.
empathizes with others who have opposing viewpoints.
follows instructions with care and attention.
is sincerely interested in what others have to say and listens fully before responding.
listens to, and promptly follows all directions.
is always an attentive and active listener.
encourages feedback from their customers. They listens to customers and works to resolve any problems.
does not pay attention when others are talking and frequently asks silly questions.
is easily distracted when listening to others.
interrupts others while they are speaking.
does not want to listen to others.
loses their temper easily when others give criticism.
interrupts others and changes their topics if they does not like them.
asks questions that show they are not actively listening to the conversation at hand.
Is easily distracted and doesn’t fully absorb other people’s points of view.
interrupts their peers.
constantly interjects into conversations.
dismisses other people’s ideas that they doesn’t agree with.
stops listening when presented with an opposing viewpoint.
is uninterested in what others have to say and interrupts others before they finish speaking.
does not listen to directions and repeatedly asks management to repeat themselves.
is an inattentive listener and rarely asks for clarification.
disregards customer feedback and interacts only when necessary.
organizes and gives direction, guidance and feedback to their subordinates and colleagues.
maintains open communication among their employees.
acknowledges the accomplishments of employees and recognizes their contributions.
encourages employees to take responsibility for their performances.
distributes resources in an appropriate manner depending on the priority of assignments.
establishes a corporate culture of reliability and caring.
shared the vision of the action plan with employees.
gained the respect of the employees.
is responsible for their own staff.
is ready to share information and knowledge for the common development of all staff.
is very helpful when mentoring entry-level staff getting used to their jobs.
is a great mentor who is very helpful to new staff.
demonstrates high level of knowledge of internal policies and standards, which is a key requirement for an effective mentor.
is a servant-leader, who is always willing to help their team.
gives structure, feedback and direction to their team.
consistently recognizes their team for a job well done.
actively listens to their team’s feedback and comments.
creates a culture of dialogue.
recognizes staff for a job well done.
allows just enough differences to find the best outcome.
balances the overall strategy of the organization with tactical day-to-day tasks.
demonstrates setting a high bar for ethical behavior.
appreciates the performance of staff and appreciates their loyalty.
praises the staff who take responsibility for their performances.
allocates tasks appropriately based on the prior assignments.
provides the information and knowledge beneficial to the general development of the staff.
understands how to take daily tasks and motivate employees to meet a long term goal.
leads the team in the difficult environment of customer service to success, meeting all objectives.
understands people and the different ways to motivate them to get the job done.
is an excellent coach and regularly receives maximum performance feedback scores from their direct reports.
understands that good leaders improve themselves through study, training, and experience. They are willing to commit the hours necessary for these pursuits.
is able to bring out the best out of those in the team.
has established an effective system for communication and information retrieval.
provides constant coaching and guidance to employees.
is open to listening to employees, as well as experimenting with new management techniques.
empowers others to take initiative as well.
shows sound judgement in critical decision making.
avoids knee jerk reactions, and collects all relevant facts before making a decision.
creates an atmosphere in which creativity and innovation is both rewarded and encouraged.
exaggerates the seriousness of problems.
confuses the employees through different directions and guidance.
disregards company policies tends to work by himself.
is rarely prepared to participate in discussions or meetings.
rarely shows appreciation for good performance.
leadership instincts cannot be relied on to manage others.
fails to explain procedures to their subordinates clearly. They lacks the qualifications to be an effective mentor.
expects everyone to know the regulations and procedures but never gives them any mentoring.
gets frustrated easily with new team members and fails to offer any support.
is often impatient and unhelpful.
tends to overanalyze problems when a prompt decision is required.
fails to plan for the future.
sends mixed signals to their team regarding goals and day-to-day activities.
rarely shows any recognition to their team.
sets unreasonably high expectations for their team.
fails to keep confidential information secret.
plays favorites and does not treat each member of the team equally.
ignores the company regulations prefers to work on their own.
seldom takes part in discussions or meetings.
seldom compliments staff on an excellent performance.
does not use their leadership skills appropriately to manage staff.
needs to know when to step back and let the team work.
sets expectations that are too high for their team.
rarely gives recognition to their team.
needs to establish an effective system for communication and information retrieval.
too often stifles innovation and creativity.
needs to focus on big picture items, yet they continues to micromanage their staff.
finds it difficult to delegate tasks which makes the team’s achievements entirely reliant on him.
lack of trust in their team members means that it is difficult for their team to accomplish anything.
is a capable manager but they are unable to influence people like a true leader.
is unable to persuade people to get the job done.
is very good at managing their team to perform their tasks excellently.
is a good manager and they leads their team to perform their assignments well.
managed a flawed team In difficult circumstances, and developed it to be one of the best in our organization.
team and managers gave them positive feedback and good comments.
is very good at training employees. They directs them use their strengths to better their performances.
is expert in training their employees. They provides good management of them.
leads their team to be the best team despite the difficulties that go with it.
is able to set clear objectives and requirements for their subordinates.
provides sufficient information on guidance and feedback to their team.
takes charge of directly dealing with problems.
supervises and care about the performance of their subordinates.
Monitor the process by frequently meeting with each member to show concern about their performance.
designs action plans and deadlines needed for each subordinate to accomplish their tasks.
is very professional with their employees and manages them well.
has had a difficult situation with the team they manages, yet they have turned them around in excellent fashion.
team performs well and all of them speak highly of him.
is a top performer and leads a team of high performers. Their leadership has contributed to very high productivity from this department.
understands their team and how to motivate them to high performance.
manages their team well and elicits good performances from them.
is an effective manager and understands how to supervise their employees to meet expectations.
had a rough start but ended the year well with their team turning in the best performers of all the groups.
has received good feedback from both their team and their managers.
is very adept at managing difficult employees and turning their energies towards higher performances.
is an excellent manager and they knows how to lead their staff to satisfy their expectations.
had a difficult beginning but they and their team achieved the best performance of all groups in the company.
was pushed into a truly difficult position and managed a complicated team. But in a short time, they led the team to become one of the best.
has received good remarks from their team and their managers.
is expert in managing staff. They knows how to use their strengths to make their performances better.
works as an advisor, friend, and boss for their team. They plays these three roles well to manage their team.
started the period with a very poor performance. However, they finished it amazingly with their team performance being the best of all the groups.
took over the worst team of the company, but they managed so well that they have developed every member to be one of the most effective employees in the company.
has received a lot of positive appraisals from their subordinates and other line-managers.
manages their team well and receives good performances from them.
is an effective manager and understands how to supervise their employees to meet expectations.
had a rough start but they ended the year well with their team turning in the best performance of all the groups.
is in a difficult situation: they inherited a team that frankly was a mess. They quickly turned the team around to one of our best performers.
has received good feedback from their team and their managers.
is very adept at managing difficult employees and turning their energies towards higher performances.
has a difficult situation with the team they manages, yet they have turned them around in excellent fashion.
team performs well and all speak highly of him.
Despite being a good supervisor, they does not know how to lead their staff to achieve a perfect performance.
is poor at managing a high performance team. They does not know how to perform this task.
was a good employee but not good enough to become an excellent manager.
displays unfairness with their team and favors certain individuals.
is far from an expert manager of staff. Their employees’ complaints about their impossible requirements are reasonable. They should learn to accept a reasonable work-personal life balance.
is a good supervisor but they are not expert in this field. They are unable to manage their team well and their team’s performance is not good.
tries to be both a manager and friend. They finds it hard to distinguish between their personal relationships and work relationships.
does not know how to set targets and lead their team to reach them. They feels confused when setting goals and leading their team forward.
fails to resolve conflict among subordinates.
fails to create a working environment meeting their subordinates’ expectation.
fails to show a frequent appreciation of their subordinates’ performance.
fails to actively resolve the problem of poor performances at work.
fails to resolve problems until they becomes conflicts.
fails to meet schedules.
does not cope very well with managing employees.
is an satisfactory supervisor but they does not excel. They does not always relate well to their employees and this shows in the group’s work effort.
has not made the transition from co-worker to manager very well. They has a difficult time separating their personal relationships with professional ones.
does not understand how to set team goals and manage their team to achieve them. They does not focus on the goals necessary to move their team forward.
understands how to manage personalities similar to his, but has not worked very hard managing other types of personalities on their team. They need to better understand personality types and how they interrelate.
is a decent task manager, but falls short when it comes to setting a vision.
There have been a few issues with their team that must be resolved. These issues could be detrimental to the performance of the department and should be the focus of the next few months.
understands how to handle difficult employees and manage difficult staff. We continue to have above average turnover on their team. This year, we need to focus on what issues are causing such high turnover.
is not very effective at managing their staff to a high performance level.
is a good supervisor, but has failed to manage their staff to high productivity.
does not understand the intricacies of managing a high performance team and has yet to perform.
was a great individual performer but so far has not proven they are a good manager.
has a tendency to play favorites and not treat all employees fairly.
employees consistently complain of unreasonable expectations.
is a good supervisor, but they are not expert in this field. They does not have a good connection with their staff and this affects the team’s performance.
has found it hard to becoming a manager after being a staff member. They has difficulty in distinguishing their personal relationships and working ones.
fails to manage their staff to gain effective performance.
is good at supervising, but they cannot manage their staff to efficient performance.
does not anticipate complications when managing a high performance team. They does not know how to perform well.
was an expert staff member but nothing has shown that they are proficient enough to become a manager.
is not effective at leading their team to high performance.
has not yet found a way to deal with situations in a group. Their team produces poor results for the company..
is a great employee. However, they does not perform well as a manager.
does not perform very well in creating an honest and open environment for the employees they supervises.
is a decent task manager, but falls short when it comes to setting a vision.
There have been a few issues with them as a leader and their team that must be resolved. These issues could be detrimental to the performance of the department and should be the focus of the next few months.
is not very effective at managing their staff to high performance.
is a good supervisor, but they have failed at managing their staff to high productivity.
does not understand the intricacies of managing a high performance team and has yet to perform.
is an capable supervisor but does not excel. They does not always relate well with their employees and this shows in the group’s work effort.
has not made the transition from co-worker to manager very well. They has a difficult time separating their personal relationships with professional ones.
does not understand how to set team goals and manage their team to achieve them. They seems to always be in survival mode without focusing on the goals necessary to move their team forward.
demonstrates good organizational and planning skills.
is creative and logical in addressing any aspect of their work.
is quick at finding information.
is plans and organizes work in timely manner.
adheres to deadlines and meets production benchmarks.
works toward an organized and comfortable working environment.
takes responsibility for work and is ready to stay late to ensure the work is performed well.
finds it difficult to plan an action without instruction.
fails to resolve problems in a timely manner.
lacks communication at work and is reluctant to support or offer assistance to those that need it.
has difficulties in understanding the strategy of the company or narrating a conceptual ideal to managers.
demonstrate a management-by-crisis style, which means a responsive style.
has met difficulties in handling their workload.
shows a high level of team spirit. They readily cooperates with their team members to get the job done.
is very good at encouraging other members to do the job according to their best efforts.
respects every team member.
appreciates new ideas from their team members very much.
is very active in asking for the opinion of their team members before making a decision.
can be relied on by their team members and expects the same from them.
manages their relationships with their coworkers, managers, and employees in a professional manner.
works well with others.
is the consummate team player.
contributes to the success of the team on a regular basis.
ability to work well with others has always been impressive. This year, they have really shined in this area. They are one of those team members you would love to have on your team.
is always one of the first to volunteer to help to get the job done whenever a large project comes in.
isn’t only concerned about themself and continually contributes to the success of those around him
always helps out to achieve the goals of the group.
is a team player and understands how to help others in times of need.
ability to work with and understand the dynamics of the many teams in the organization has been beneficial to the firm.
isn’t concerned about who gets the credit, just that the task gets accomplished.
has a great willingness to help their fellow teammates.
found a creative workaround that improved processes for the team. Their innovative steps resulted in a 25% increase in productivity for the team as a whole.
is a good team member. They are very cooperative and helpful in times of need.
ability to coordinate the performances of each team member together is vital to team’s success,
doesn’t care who receives the credit. They only cares about how to get the job done excellently.
satisfies everybody because they often contributes positively to the success of others instead of himself.
knows very well how to keep a good relationship and communication with others to finish team work.
is often the first person who volunteers.
empowers themself as well as others around him.
makes new employees feel welcome.
recognizes potential in others, and seeks to help them reach that potential.
is quick to lend a hand to others in need of help.
shares expertise with others, to teach as well as achieve goals.
is excellent example of our company culture in action.
is enthusiastic about work and working with others.
Handles pressure well.
is sensitive and clear when delivering bad news.
finds the positive in situations where perspective is required.
enthusiasm for the work shines through and infects others around them.
is open to change.
creates good relationships with their colleagues, managers and staff in a professional environment.
focuses on the basics to bring success to the team.
completes their duties without concern who will take the credit.
does not care for only for himself.
always devotes themself wholeheartedly to the success of the team.

doesn’t have a good relationship with their team members. They sometimes refuses to accept their opinion.
is a loner. They are not suitable for teamwork tasks.
doesn’t want to share their knowledge in relation to the job with others.
does not actively cooperate with others.
holds on to too much and does not delegate to their team effectively.
focuses only on getting their own work accomplished. They does not take the time to help members of their team who are struggling to keep up.
is not consistent in supporting their teammates.
was a good at team player when they was just a member of the team, but now that they are in a supervisory role, they have lost many of those teamwork skills.
relies on their own knowledge and abilities and fails to ask others for help and their expertise.
is a team player most of the time, but frequently we have problems with their follow through when other teammates need help.
is focused on themself and does not think about the needs of those around him.
seems more intent on accomplishing their own tasks rather than assisting others who might need help.
comes from a very individual focused work environment to a team focused one and has struggled to adjust.
focuses their team on accomplishing individual tasks and neglects to consider what could be accomplished if the team worked more cohesively together.
works with the team well when their own projects are coming due and they need help, but once those are accomplished, they does not frequently help others on their projects.
does not understand how to share tasks with others.
is more suitable to an individual-focused environment than a group-work environment.
directed each member toward accomplishing their individual tasks. They didn’t focus on coordinating them toward one common goal.
does not monitor and follow up on their teams progress and as a result nothing is accomplished.
pays such strong attention to their own tasks that they does not consider the needs of their teammates.
often pays more attention on completing their tasks than support other teammates who might need their assistance.
does not assist their teammates as required.
holds on to too much and does not delegate to their team effectively.
focuses on getting their own work accomplished, but does not take the time to help those members of their team who are struggling to keep up.
works with the team well when their own projects are coming due and they need help, but once those are accomplished, they does not frequently help others on their projects.
Struggles when faced with activities which require a high amount of flexibility.
is resistant/open to change.
needs to show greater enthusiasm.
avoids delivering bad news when necessary or leaves the responsibility to others.
Although their results are good, they could work on improving their general attitude or enthusiasm.
has a tendency to blame others for problems or poor results.
had good a good sense of teamwork when they was a member of the team but they lost it after becoming a supervisor.
only concerns themself with the achievement of each individual without considering what team will gain if they work together.
relies on their knowledge and skills to perform without asking colleagues for help and advice.
meets difficulty when working with a team they are to performing as an individual.
does not know how to cooperate with their colleagues in their team to achieve targets.
complains that they does not receive any assistance from others.
is an excellent employee and they understands our systems and processes thoroughly.
is provided many complicated tasks but they performs them easily.
is always the first person thoroughly understand and take on the new technology well.
is always the first choice whenever we need a person to take on new technology.
Everything seems to have big step in the world of technology. We always put our trust in them because they are expert in working with our previous generation systems.
knows the technical essence of their assignments thoroughly.
is good at solving complicated issues in their job.
has the ability to learn new technology quickly and successfully apply it into to enhance their performance.
has good knowledge of the technology and they knows how to apply it efficiently.
one of the most technical employees we have.
is able to grasp complex technical concepts. They explains them in easy to understand ways.
We rely on them when we need to implement new technology.
is good at understanding the technical nature of their job.
is excellent at absorbing the complexities of their job.
deals with very complex topics and discussions. They are always able to bring a level of understanding the rest of us can follow.
is one of the first people we turn to whenever we have a very technical problem. Their ability to grasp technology is an asset to our team.
is an accomplished technician who understands our systems and processes.
is one of the first to pick up and understand new technology as we implement it.
exhibits excellent proficiency in [relevant skill].
is able to grasp difficult technical concepts and explain them to others.
tackles the intricacies of the job with ease and flair.
rarely makes careless errors.
experiments with new means to improve their skills and results.
practices a great deal of care in their work.
has good instincts and knows when to follow them.
is not good enough to be a technician.
has good knowledge of business, but they fails to properly communicate with other technical members of their team.
should attend more training sessions, They should study harder to improve their technical knowledge.
technical aptitude is not as good as it is displayed in their application.
sometimes seems to ignore technical concepts. They should apply more technical concepts to satisfy the requirements for their role.
is not aware how to adopt the latest technology. They need excessive sessions of further training. They should be ready to face changes.
seems to find it hard when learning new technology.
is unable to get along with our technology even though our systems have been used for a long time and well documented.
should equip themself with more knowledge of technology for their job.
is not very adept at understanding new technology.
does not have the aptitude to understand the technical nuances they present even though our systems have been in place for many years and are well documented.
understanding of business is very good, however, their ability to communicate with the technical members of their team is holding them back.
needs to continue to improve their technical knowledge through training and self study.
needs to improve their technical understanding of their job.
is not a technician but some basic technical knowledge is required in their role. They need to work on their technical knowledge.
needs to work on being able to think outside of the box. They should think beyond the manuals, and troubleshoot technical issues which are not documented.
is not technical enough for their role.
surprised us by not being more technical in nature considering their background.
should learn the technical concepts required for their position. Technical concepts sometimes seem to pass them by.
needs to focus more on understanding the trends and changes in the fast changing world marketplace.
needs to work on adapting better to new systems or technologies.
is continually searching for ways to improve.
professional growth seems to have halted.
has grown a lot since hiring, but they still has great room for further growth.
performs their tasks with heart and always accomplishes them in due time.
is always responsible for their colleagues’ performance and effectiveness.
is an excellent member of our team. They always makes high quality products.
has the ability to manage their time and their team’s time well.
knows how to arrange their schedule to complete both the big and small duties each week.
always performs their tasks effectively.
knows how to manage their schedule appropriately to complete their assignments.
can accomplish their assignments efficiently with the tools provided.
is able work under high pressure.
always learns about the nature of projects and duties carefully. They divides their time suitably to complete their assignments.
shows their ability to manage various tasks and accomplish them on time.
asks their team take responsibility for their performances and goals.
is an excellent team member. The products they achieved are always planned in advance and good quality.
has the ability to control their time and their staff’s time.
uses their time effectively to perform the big and small duties which must be done every week.
divides their time logically to achieve their goals.
knows how to uses the equipment efficiently to manage their time.
is a good employee but if they knew how to manage their time more suitably they would be more effective.
thinks that the tools provided to them are not necessary and they does not use them.
does not know how to use their time appropriately to complete their assignments.
does not know how to manage their time and they cannot satisfy deadlines of projects again and again.
should learn how to manage their time in a more effective way.
should make a work plan for each week. They spends too much time performing their assignments without a proper plan.
spends too much time on things such as email and Internet.
does not have the ability to work under pressure.
is trained how to use their time efficiently but they are still unable to manage it.
cannot complete their tasks because they manages their time ineffectively.
usually needs too much time than it takes to complete their duties.
takes too much time to perform their tasks. We advise them to make concrete plan for every week.
is willing to help their staff find suitable training sessions.
We are impressed with their willingness to give instructions on the latest technologies and facilities.
does not mind taking part in on the job training. They are a valued team member with their enthusiasm.
encourages all the team members to join in the necessary training sessions.
is responsible and makes sure that all members take part in the requisite training sessions.
is able to learn concepts quickly and adopt them into their performance.
enthusiastically helps their fellow trainees learn complicated lessons in the training sessions by their “can-do” attitude.
always finds opportunities to take part in specialized training sessions.
does not maintain the training equipment fully between classes.
does not exchange class concepts to with colleagues though they still joins the training sessions.
does not require their staff to take part in the training sessions even only with minimum hours every year.
appears to think that the training sessions are not important so they does not concentrate on them.
should not joke in the training classes. They should concentrate on the content of training lessons.
should take part in more training opportunities and concentrate on them.
should prepare before coming to training sessions, This will help them understand all knowledge that trainers are imparting.
does not know how to apply the knowledge learned in training sessions into their performance.
declares that training sessions are not necessary despite the many new challenges they and their team are facing.
builds an atmosphere of trust within their team.
attitude is an asset to their management skills. They continually builds people up. They deals with difficult situations with incredible posture, and focuses on the positives.
refuses to be downhearted under incredible pressure. They stands firm and the situation does not affect their attitude. Tim has a unique mind-set that is highly appreciated.
attitude is always spot on.
cheerful attitude makes others feel good when he’s around.
accentuates the positives in most situations.
maintains a steady, positive attitude that helps. Their employees feel everything is ok, even when it seemingly isn’t.
always has a positive attitude. They frequently has a smile on their face and you can tell they enjoys their job.
is cheerful guy and always people feel delighted to be around him. We are fortunate to them on our team.
has an even demeanor through good times and bad. Their constant cheer helps others keep their “enthusiasm”, both positive and negative, in check.
has a soothing personality which reflects a very calm personality. Their attitude is one which should be emulated.
brings a level of enthusiasm to their job that few can. They are always one member the team we go to when we need a lift.
is adept at maneuvering around any obstacles that are thrown at him. They finishes their work on time and with accuracy.
always smiles when they goes to work. They does not mind showing off their positive attitude to the team.
has never complained about their job or their colleagues.
always provides assistance when necessary, even beyond their normal fixed duty hours or at weekends.
begins each day revitalized and ready for any challenges they may face.
encourages their colleagues at work. They easily builds an atmosphere of trust within their team
attitude is a valuable facet of their management skills. They continuously strengthens the connections between among their subordinates. They resolves difficult situations in an amazing manner.
is firm, determined and confident. Their attitude to work is not diminished in any situation. Their strong-mindedness is very much appreciated.
can deal with internal pressure excellently. They maintains the right attitude towards external relationships.
Bill is such as cheerful person that everyone feels good with them around.
usually focuses their attention on the positives when dealing with problems.
has a positive attitude and they are willing to share their thoughts about relevant matters.
congratulates staff on jobs well done. They maintains a good and comfortable environment for their team.
positive attitude in their management role is their most important and effective skill. They are cooperative with others and tries to connect everybody together. They maintains an incredible posture and focuses on the positives when solving problems.
is always enthusiastic and helps motivate team other members.
is very level-headed and handles stressful situations with ease.
is quick to congratulate coworkers and builds trust within their team.
choice of language can be inappropriate. Their level of voice is also inappropriate at times.
has a tendency to trigger problems between their coworkers.
excessively tries to talk about non-work related topics. They should keep their conversations work related.
has a tendency to be irked over minor things. Their volatile nature makes their coworkers uneasy.
should concentrate more on the positive sides of their duties and their team.
has a tendency to be disruptive after difficult decisions have been announced.
fails to maintain their normally positive attitude in stressful situations and often resorts to inappropriate tone and language.
talents are very valuable to the company; nevertheless, their attitude to work is somewhat lacking.
demeanor can be unapproachable and this negatively impacts the morale of their team.
needs to control their temper and attitude, they need to learn not to react too strongly towards negative situations.
can be the cause of conflicts between their coworkers.
has an overly sensitive and pessimistic personality. They are easily upset by problems or difficult situations. They should try to think more positively, focus on the good and avoid being overly concerned with their perceived negatives.
often has troubles with their coworkers when they work together. They are easily angered and argumentative with their colleagues.
argumentative attitude in conversations their colleagues can make them angry. They are clearly aware of this but they have made no attempt to change their demeanor when talking about non-work related topics. It is highly recommended that they improves their attitude.
is somewhat pessimistic and their moods affect other employees.
is careless and unmotivated, which ultimately slows the team down.
does not handle stressful situations well.
complains about coworkers too often. Their complaints build resentment within their team.
is not approachable and is tough to work with.
continually talks negatively about projects or tasks assigned to him.
always has a negative attitude towards their work.
attitude is poor in general impacts their work.
talks negatively about other team members.
needs to focus on the positive aspects of their job and their team.
is constantly disrespects their manager.
often isolates themself and does not take constructive criticism well.
uses sharp ideas and critical thinking ability to solve issues quickly.
decides the most appropriate solution to an issue by considering the pros and cons of it very cautiously.
responds to any issue very quickly. They always finds solutions for problems on time.
has strong reasoning and critical-thinking skills that help them handle problems well.
is careful and always thoroughly considers everything before they submitting any idea.
always thinks twice before they meets any problem. They rarely faces difficulty when they are faced with extreme situations.
uses an arsenal of creative strategies to proactively solve a wide range of problems.
consistently generates outstanding solutions to the most demanding problems.
focuses on solutions to problems not the symptoms.
has powerful analytical skills that they applies to every stage of the problem-solving process.
establishes workable, prioritized, and highly effective problem-solving plans for each problem.
varies their problem-solving style to meet the nature and demands of the problem itself.
approaches all problems with confidence and the expectation that they will generate solid and innovative solutions.
actively seeks out problems that require the most creative thinking.
quickly analyzes the pros and cons of any solution before deciding what is the most effective way to resolve a problem.
can find timely solution to any problem quickly and effectively.
never considers potential changes in circumstances when making decisions.
rarely thoroughly thinks decisions through.
does not have the ability to implement a reasonable solution to an issue.
suggestions are never unique.
has a tendency to make decision without thinking through its potential consequences.
makes decisions hastily without thinking.
never considers the possible consequences of their decisions.
never thinks twice before making any decision.
often does not consider the situations that may occur while during performing their duties.
decision making process is too hurried.
employs problem-solving techniques that end up generating even more problems.
creates more problems than they solves.
overlooks or underestimates problems until they become major issues.
analyzes minor issues and lets larger problems fester and grow
decides on the solution before properly analyzing it.
comes up with solutions that are incorrect, insufficient, and invalid.
doesn’t analyze the situation and the potential affect of their solutions carefully before making a final decision.
is unable to find the most effective solutions for problem because their ideas are always mediocre.
has remained firmly focused on their team’s goals despite the tremendous pressure recently.
quickly gets to the heart of the problem identifies the root cause. This allows them to manage multiple projects simultaneously, performing well with each.
knows how to prioritize short-term and long-term goals.
is a gem and knows the value of time.
keeps the faith for the team.
is a consistent performer, a great task scheduler, and has a no-quitter approach to solving problems.
is like good software that offers seamless backward compatibility.
team has performed very well over the past year.
thinks twice before doing anything that may not be worthwhile.
team looks up to them as a positive influence.
never loses sight of their goal.
No technical problem is too difficult to solve for him.
knows the technology that we employ inside-out, and keeps themself informed about up-to-date changes.
team meetings often overrun the allotted time. They should work to improve their time management skills to ensure meetings begin and end as scheduled.
is frequently late for work and does not adhere to a proper work schedule.
needs to work on their ability to accept feedback from coworkers.
should improve their communication with their management team.
frequently withholds information from their team.
has a tendency to make other people feel intimidated when they propose new ideas or ask for assistance.
should work on approaching their coworkers in a more professional and welcoming manner.
does not attempt to take creative risks. They creates a stiff environment that is not conducive to innovation.
does not adhere to the sales script that is proven for success. They attempts to unacceptably modify the script.
does not work within the company policies that are proven for ultimate success rates.
does not always ensure their customers are satisfied. They has had complaints filed against them for inappropriate responses to customer feedback.
frequently misses targets and does not keep up to date with the objectives expected of him.
does not willingly take on additional responsibility or step forward when new tasks or projects arrive.
consistently relies on other people.
should work to improve their interaction with customers and how well they meets their needs.
rarely shows appreciation to their employees for a job well done.
should be more open to feedback and apply it to their work to increase their accuracy and productivity.
